<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\128\059</DOCNO>
<FROM>4160d.4e49m4@fb6294v.com</FROM>
<TO>fisg2w@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Booming stockk markets explained with ready strategies

Get CTXE First Thing Today, This Is Going To Explode!

Check out for Latest News!
CTXE - CANTEX ENERGY CORP
CURRENT_PRICE: $0.52 GET IT N0W!

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: There is a Big PR Campaign starting this weeek . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in NOW.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.
Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expetced pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Radar for helping you make sttock market decisions
This stocck is ggreatly rrecomended by agressive investtors in a sshort term. 
Don't loose a chance to earrn. Growth sttocks that make your bottom line handsome You can make more money with insider information and stoock tips 





 .....................................
As you make your bed, so must you lie in it The more you get, the more you want A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood. Half a loaf is better than none. He is an ill companion that has a good memory  True love is like a teardrop in Niagra falls  You do well to believe in God Wedan also believes and trembles He who works his land will have abundant food, but the one who chases fantasies will have his fill of poverty Give credit where credit is due If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?.


The best of men are but men at bestGive a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. Orange yellow but yuh nah know if he t4o1a.f022p4 place is first loser March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lambA happy heart is better than a full purse.  Fish ah play ah sea, he nah know watah ah boil fuh am.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

