<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\068\086</DOCNO>
<FROM>xq1v.k2h94@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>zb4a4a@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Earn more with stocck prices going to the roof Efficient approach to investing from stocck professionals

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:   $0.59
Change:     $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:    0.53
Volume change:     521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Exepcted pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Earn more with sstock prices going to the roof
This stockk is greatlly recoomended by agressive iinvestors in a short tterm. 

Don't loose a chance to eearn. stocck market analysis for beneficial cooperation 




 ..................................
What we see depends mainly on what we look for  Righteousness exalts a nation but sin is a disgrace to any people  True love never grows old There is no accounting for taste  Men are from earth Women are from earth Deal with it  Excess of ceremony shows want of breeding  The eyes speak as much as the mouth A wise head keeps a still tongue. Only fools and horses work 


Beautiful is not what is beautiful, but what one likes  Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day  All are not cooks that walk with long knives There are always ears on the other side of the wall  Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear The eyes speak as much as the mouth 
Nobody want dutty powder. Great starts make great finishes. Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It Nah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. A closed mouth gathers no feet.  The first step is the hardest Never eat an oyster unless there is an R in the month Actions speak louder than words. Haste makes waste. Nah because dog ah play with yuh he nah bite yuh. A bird can sing with a broken wing, but you cant pluck feathers off a frog. Happiness is wanting what you have - not having what you want He who plays with fire will get burnt A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day.

Silence is golden. Aaah, a man who runs through airport swing-doors is going to Bangkok. as dry as chapped lips Take heed of reconciled enemies and of meat twice boiled  A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day. The higher you climb up the ladder, the more people can see your arse  First Impressions are the Most Lasting 
As useful as a chocolate fireguard (or teapot) When you live in the past, it costs you the present  If in doubt, mumble Youth and Old Age Will Never Agree People living in glass houses should not!. The best throw of the dice is to throw them away
</TEXT>
</DOC>

