<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\031\035</DOCNO>
<FROM>2on2d4q8znq4a66p@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>wb3pxen@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
A Growing Youth Has a Wolf in His Belly. Never judge by appearences 

  There is no jollity but hath a smack of folly It is in vain to cast your net where there is no fish  Cat foot soft but he ah scratch bad. An apple a day keeps the doctor at bay On the Turf all men are equal, and under it  Nah all who guh a church house ah guh fuh pray. Experience is the best teacher Every bird loves to hear himself singThe pen is mightier than the sword. 
  Never the twain shall meet  I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh. Goodness is better than beauty You can only go as far as you push Life is like a good book, the more you get into it the more it makes sense Rain ah fall ah roof yuh put barrel fuh ketch am.A miss is as good as a mr. The world is full of willing people: some willing to work and some willing to let them  A squirrel is just a rat with good PR. 
  If you would enjoy the fruit, pluck not the flower  The One who tells the stories rules the world  Early to bed and early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy and wise Is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit.Actions speak louder than words. Water that has been begged for does not quench the thirst A gentleman without an estate is a pudding without suet.  Beware of Greeks bearing gifts  Charity begins at home Speed thrills. Virtual reality is its own reward. 
  A miss is as good as a.. Mr.. A positive pessimist is better than a negative optimist.If in doubt, mumble Pick your friends like you pick your fruit He who knows better has never tried it Nah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. Make hay while the sun shines Every cross has its inscriptions To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion.A stitch in time saves nine. No man is an island 
  You can only go as far as you push Revenge is sweet One of these days is none of these days. Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. A Small Spark Makes a Great Fire. No one grows old by living; only by losing interest in livingTo know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding. Wasteful man money ah guh like butter in de sun. A gentleman without an estate is a pudding without suet.  
  Children should be seen and not heard He who flies high is a short step from a big fall  They that dance must pay the fiddler Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. A soft answer turneth away wrath.When coconut fall from tree he can't fasten back. One cannot quarrel without an opponent  Keep your chin up Keep your powder dry  
  The best throw of the dice is to throw them away  Angry Men Make Themselves a Bed of NettlesPractice makes perfect. Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together  A stumble may prevent a fall. A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. Honesty is the best policy Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices. In for a penny, in for a pound Love is the strangest thing 
  And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me! Yuh can't drink mauby and belch beer.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

