<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\138\096</DOCNO>
<FROM>9azl32qa8frad19k@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>500m8e2q@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
y son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not. 

  Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance After a famine in the stall comes a famine in the hall  Some pork-knockers does only clear track fuh monkey run race. So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. Knowing is not enough; We must Apply Willing is not enough; We must Do The One who tells the stories rules the world  Listen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be wise Let sleeping dogs lie.The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence. 
  Promises are like babies Easy to make, hard to deliver He who sups with the devil should have a long spoon A whistling women and a crowing hen are neither fit for God or men. Wedey makes the world go around Two Dogs Fight for a Bone, and a Third Runs Away With it  Know which side your bread is buttered The old believe everything, the middle aged suspect everything, the young know everything Where there's smoke, there's.. pollution. St Swithins Day, if thou does rain, for forty days it will remain, St Swithins day if thou be fair for forty days twill rain no more Discretion is the better part of valour 
  If you lie down with dogs you will come up with fleas  Age before beauty Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids. No pain, no gain  Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief You can throw a cat however you want; it always lands on its feet  Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger. His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins. There but for the grace of God go I  
  God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  You cant hurry love When man done suck cane he dash peeling pan ground. Virtues all agree, but vices fight one another  The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth Practice makes perfect. Happy is the bride the sun shines on More haste less speed Forgive and forget The Gods Send Nuts to those who have no Teeth For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil.A good tree brings forth good fruit. Nothing ventured, nothing gained 
  Many a true word is spoken in jest Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Great oaks from little acorns grow A huge part of real love is constant forgiveness. Good things come in small packages. The devil tempts all, but the idle man tempts the devilas wrinkled as an elephant's hide If you believe everything you read, you better not read He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. To say that a man cannot love one woman at a time is ridiculous It is like saying a musician needs more than one violin to play the same piece of music 
  My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not. He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day When Mumma dead family done. He who laughs last, thinks the slowest! A cat may look at a king. Do as I say, and not as I doBeauty without virtue is a flower without perfume Well Begun is Half Done One of these days is none of these days Better to be safe than sorry But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul. 
  Those who play the game do not see it as clearly as those who watch All roads lead to Rome He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be HelpedNah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. When the wine is in, the wit is out  When yuh buy ah dutty calico yuh gat fuh wear am till it tear. Fish are no respectors of human boredom, so why go angling Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave, and impossible to forget 
  Belly full behind drunk. The proof of the pudding is in the eating
</TEXT>
</DOC>

