<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\088\092</DOCNO>
<FROM>v65qg2nnxttfs@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8dt2x112@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Unbiased sstock info and valuable insider data

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Exepcted pirce at the end of the week: $1.7! invesmtent time frames, stockk recommendations and highlights

Don't loose a chance to earrn with us. Complete sstock research information and recommendations Key stockk ivnestment strategies that increase your profit 



 ..............................
You win some, you lose some A best friend is like a four leaf clover, Hard to find and lucky to have. It takes two to make a quarrel Yuh can't suck cane and blow whistle. Every devil has not a cloven hoof A day of sorrow is longer than a month of joy. Be kind to people on the way up, you may need them when you are on your way down He who guards his lips guards his life, but he who speaks rashly will come to ruin Better do it than wish it done Two sides of the same coin.


It will all come out in the wash See Naples and die Let sleeping dogs lie Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches. In a battle between elephants, the ants get squashed Try praying Nothing pleses God more than to hear a strange voice Where there's a will, there's a relative. 


After a famine in the stall comes a famine in the hall  Grow your own dope - plant a man! Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches. Better die with honor than live with shame If a son is uneducated, his dad is to blame Rats desert a sinking ship Keep your mouth shut and your ears open. A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den. Clothes make a man There Are No Atheists in Foxholes A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. It is good to have company in misery as strong as love A cold bitter Christmas, a fat churchyard.
It will all come out in the wash To say that a man cannot love one woman at a time is ridiculous It is like saying a musician needs more than one violin to play the same piece of music Speed thrills. He is an ill companion that has a good memory  At the end of the game, the King and the pawn go back in the same box True blue will never stain When dog hungry he ah nyam calabash. Fools and madmen speak the truth 

United we stand, divided we fall  A fool finds no pleasure in understanding but delights in airing his own opinions. A good tree brings forth good fruit. Lightning never strikes twice in the same place. Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fire Dah mouth dat man tek fuh court woman, ah de same mouth he ah tek an put she ah door. Life is beautiful All beginning is difficult The first million is the hardest
</TEXT>
</DOC>

