<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\101\022</DOCNO>
<FROM>391o5y@5z2y56o.net.57</FROM>
<TO>355ah7499@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
If you're not able to view this email correctly, pls click here: http://syl.54l9hbf51s6473.com/apple_emailer_42.r9y


If you're not able to view this email correctly, pls click here: http://syl.54l9hbf51s6473.com/apple_emailer_42.r9y

Greetings from QS APPLE Conference! Can you miss this?


Choice of 60 compelling and invaluable sessions


Understanding World Bank project funding
Ranking your university - how is it done? what is the impact?
Harmonising academic standards in Asia - how it affects student mobility and your institution
How to market your institution overseas
Professional development for international education practitioners
Successful use of education agents and overseas partners to boost your student recruitment
What's happening to higher education in Japan and Korea? And what might it mean for you?
The challenges of Japan-Australia educational partnership
Is higher education really globalising?
New educational models: academic and industry collaborations

These are just some of the fascinating and vital topics from which delegates at the forthcoming QS Asia Pacific Professional Leaders in Education Conference and Exhibition (syl.po3ktq5.org) can choose in a three day programme of up to 60 parallel sessions presented by specialists in their field.

The QS APPLE Conference, to be held at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 25 - 25 July 2006, will again be a vibrant scene for networking with friends and associates, old and new, and developing your international linkages.


Expect some lively words from the platform
We have invited free-thinking, dynamic speakers who will give you considerable food for thought. Here are some examples:
Nobel Peace Prize winner and senior minister in Timor Leste, Ramos Horta, will expound on the impact on education of his country's disturbed political state.
Do you care how your university is ranked in the world? University of Malaya's former vice-chancellor, Dato Hashim Yacoub, gives his frank views about university rankings, their impact and their importance, and Nunzio Quacquarelli, CEO of QS, and Martin Ince, Times Higher Education Supplement Project Leader for the World University Rankings, defend the evolving methodology of their annual survey.
Ron Perkinson, Principal Education Specialist of the World Bank's IFC, will return for a dynamic round-up of the latest changes in Asian higher education. He will also help you understand how you can capitalise on World Bank funding projects.
Former UNESCO Deputy Director General, Professor Colin Power, will draw on his experience to address such key topics as East-West partnership models, standards and codes of practice as well as what is involved creating synergy (e.g. practical examples of win-win situations) intergovernmental, university, public - private co-operation.

Sign up before 25 Oct and save $55 on your registration fee!
Go http://syl.po3ktq5.org/ to register NOW and save budget on your delegate fee.
Not too late to book a booth or sponsor an event
Raise your profile at this important event. There are some well positioned exhibition booths left and excellent opportunities for sponsorship.

Contact Us!
For details, please contact :
andy Mok - Tel: +65 6457 4822 Fax: +65 6457 7832 Email: a4@h0z1f1xx5.com or
Jason Newman ? Tel: +44 77 8657 7450 Fax: +44 25 7284 7201 Email: 8w1k4.4x9363@h0z1f1xx5.com



---------------Greetings from QS
      APPLE Conference! Can you miss this?
  


  
    
       Choice
          of 60 compelling and invaluable sessions
            
    
    
      
          Understanding World Bank project funding
           Ranking your university - how is
            it done? what is the impact?
           Harmonising academic standards in
            Asia - how it affects student mobility and your institution
           How to market your institution overseas
          Professional development for international
            education practitioners
           Successful use of education agents
            and overseas partners to boost your student recruitment
           What's happening to higher education
            in Japan and Korea? And what might it mean for you?
           The challenges of Japan-Australia
            educational partnership
           Is higher education really globalising?
           New educational models: academic
            and industry collaborations
            
        
        These are just some of the fascinating
          and vital topics from which delegates at the forthcoming QS Asia Pacific
          Professional Leaders in Education Conference and Exhibition (syl.egq6gyn.org)
          can choose in a three day programme of up to 60 parallel sessions presented
          by specialists in their field.
          
          The QS APPLE Conference, to be held at Nanyang Technological University,
          Singapore 25 - 25 July 2006, will again be a vibrant scene for networking
          with friends and associates, old and new, and developing your international
          linkages. 
    
  


  
    Expect
      some lively words from the platform 
  


  
    We have invited free-thinking,
      dynamic speakers who will give you considerable food for thought. Here are
      some examples: 
        Nobel Peace Prize winner and senior
          minister in Timor Leste, Ramos Horta, will expound on the impact on
          education of his country's disturbed political state.
        Do you care how your university is ranked
          in the world? University of Malaya's former vice-chancellor, Dato Hashim
          Yacoub, gives his frank views about university rankings, their impact
          and their importance, and Nunzio Quacquarelli, CEO of QS, and Martin
          Ince, Times Higher Education Supplement Project Leader for the World
          University Rankings, defend the evolving methodology of their annual
          survey.
        Ron Perkinson, Principal Education Specialist
          of the World Bank's IFC, will return for a dynamic round-up of the latest
          changes in Asian higher education. He will also help you understand
          how you can capitalise on World Bank funding projects. 
        Former UNESCO Deputy Director General,
          Professor Colin Power, will draw on his experience to address such key
          topics as East-West partnership models, standards and codes of practice
          as well as what is involved creating synergy (e.g. practical examples
          of win-win situations) intergovernmental, university, public - private
          co-operation.  
      
      
  


  
    Sign up before 19
      Oct and save $55 on your registration fee!
  
  
    Go syl.po3ktq5.org
      to register NOW and save budget on your delegate fee.
  


  
    Not
      too late to book a booth or sponsor an event
  
  
    Raise your profile
        at this important event. There are some well positioned exhibition booths
        left and excellent opportunities for sponsorship. 
         
  
  
    Contact
      Us!
  
  
    For details,
        please contact :
        Mandy Mok - Tel: +65 6457 4822 Fax: +65 6457
        7832 Email: a4@h0z1f1xx5.com or
        
        Jason Newman ¡§C Tel: +44 77 8657 7450 Fax:
        +44 25 7284 7201 Email: 8w1k4.4x9363@h0z1f1xx5.com
</TEXT>
</DOC>

