<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\101\096</DOCNO>
<FROM>0767m566c@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>9klq7a2@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Current sttock data analyzed by experts for earning more  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Radar for helping you make stoock market decisions
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Professional investors explain stockk booming  .......................................
  He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts. Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. Share and share alike! Make love not war A stitch in time saves nine. Be first at the feast, and last at the fight Do right and fear no man  Your day starts with what you say to yourself  He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate, he who loves finds the gates open Imitation is the sincerest form of flatteryThe Best Fish Swim Near the Bottom One of these days is none of these days The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs  
  Tomorrow never comes Wedey makes the world go around It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.  The Best Fish Swim Near the Bottom Don't cross your bridges before you get to them.Trust is the mother of deceit Many things are lost for want of asking  Haste makes waste  Rained on ground hardens (Japanese Proverb) Make hay while the sun shines 
  Desperate Diseases Call for Desperate Remedies He who laughs last laughs longest Yesterday is ashes; tomorrow wood Only today does the fire burn brightly Past cure, past care As is the gardener, so is the garden  Time waits for nobody A friend to all is a friend to none.  He travels fastest who travels alone When two buffalo fight, it is the grass that gets hurt! 
  Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee. Love is blind. There's no place like home. A friend in need is a friend indeed. When in Rome, do as the Romans do Your troubles seem larger the longer you look at them You cannot sell the cow and sup the milk Plant the crab tree where you will, it will never bear pippins Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth  Think before you speak A picture paints a thousand words. Faith will move mountains. 
  as soft as velvet Judge not that you be not judged A lender nor borrower be.  The truth will out
</TEXT>
</DOC>

