<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\105\061</DOCNO>
<FROM>zj15359@x9iy96.cn</FROM>
<TO>6mfh5w7@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Only 25 days to low down the
      cholesterol 
      Dear Sir or Madam, This is Amanda from
      International Trade Department of Guangxi Zikang Biotechnology Co.,Ltd in
      China. First, I would like to thank you for taking time to read this
      letter. And we sincerely hope that this would be the foundation of our
      future cooperation. Guangxi Zikang Biotechnology Co., Ltd, located
      at a beautiful industrial city in Southern China, is a state-certified
      high and new technology company, with advanced research and developing
      center and best international production technology. The company have
      implemented industrialized large-scale production of high content, high
      purity and single element¦Á- Linolenic Acid products£¨¦Á- Linolenic Acid
      ¡Ý68%£¬ unsaturated fatty acid ¡Ý99.60%£©with self ¨Cintellectual property
      right and gets the GMP, HACCP and ISO22000 certificates which guarantee
      the quality and safety of our products. Besides, with advanced technology,
      facilities of production, testing and researching as well as management
      system, our company is specialized in researching and developing in the
      medical and biological field, such as biological preparation, food and
      health care product etc. and it is a modern company combined production
      with marketing , importing and exporting. ¦Á-Linolenic Acid, as
      essential nutrition of human metabolism, it can effectively shorten the
      accumulating time of saturated fatty acid, restrain and weaken the leading
      effect of saturated fatty acid in the human metabolism. And this is the
      only and most effective way for prevent and curing cerebral vascular and
      cardio vascular. Zikang ¦Á-Linolenic Acid Soft Capsule and Zikang
      Zhibijiang Soft Capsule, extracted from Chinese herb, is a high technology
      product. And the main ingredient-¦Á-Linolenic Acid, ranks the best in the
      world regarding to the content ¡Ý68%. They all extracted from the
      natural Chinese herb, absolutely not contenting any saturated fatty acid,
      triglyceride, cholesterol, steroid alcohol, hormone, agriculture chemical
      leftovers, arsenic, heavy metal lead and other poisonous, harmful
      substance. Weds, they have no side effect and do no harm to human body.
      Zikang ¦Á-Linolenic Acid Soft Capsule can prolong the blood 
      coagulating time, soften the vessel, decompose the thrombus, low down the
      blood pressure, clean the blood fat and endogenesis cholesterol. Besides,
      prevent and cure the cerebral vascular and cardiovascular such as
      cerelbral Apoplexy, hyperlipemia, cerebral embolism, atherosclerosis; and
      effectively improve the oxidation resisting ability of cell, enhancing the
      immunity, adjust the internal secretion, restrain the occurring and 
      transferring of tumor, eliminate inflammation and hypersensitivity. 
      Zikang Zhibijiang Soft Capsule can reduce blood sugar, regulates
      the synthetic function of glycogen, impel glycogen to resolve into glucose
      and enter blood, in order to reduce glucose transformation in fat in the
      cell. in addition, it can change the composing of fat acid of lipoprotein,
      increase its mobility, thus strengthen the interaction among lipoprotein
      and fat enzymes, reduce the triglyceride level, increase the draining of
      sterol; It can also stop synthetic metabolization of prostaglandin ??,
      suppress arachidonic acid metabolizing into LT4(leukotriene), regulate
      ¦Â-oxidizing and glucose dissimilation and strengthen immune function
      The products win the reputation after being marketed. People who
      ever took the high content and high purity Zikang ¦Á-Linolenic Acid could
      feel their magic function: £¨1£©After 2¡«4days, pass wind more
      frequently, excrement and urine become more
      yellow, more smelly.
      Toxin and grease can be obviously seen with eyes;£¨2£©After 25 days,
      eliminate the symptom of numbness in hands and feet, as well as the 
      £¨3£©After
      7days, can totally low down the cholesterol;£¨4£©After 25 weeks, people
      with cutch can walk without cutch;£¨5£©It will take effect on the
      prostatitis and prostatauxe sufferers in 25 days, and after
      15¡«20 days they can be
      cured;£¨6£©apoplexy and hemiplegy sufferers( e.g.: suffered for 8 years,
      left or right body
      suffers from this
      disease ), after 25 months, the feet and hands have feeling; the
      feet feel warm,
      sufferers can turn over himself. 3¡«4 months later, sufferers can
      leave bed and walk
      again; 6¡«8 months latter, they can have a walk outside;£¨7£©Improve the
      SOD activity, suppress the production of MDA, prolong the
      senescence, adjust
      the incretion and beautify face;£¨8£©Improve sleeping, especially for
      the neurasthenic;£¨9£©Protect the liver, especially for the excessive
      drinker;£¨10£©Lose weight and improve the immunity.The advantage
      and characteristic of our products are to effectively improving the 
      quality of the blood so as to make human healthy. We believe that our
      products can make great contribution to the economic interest and social
      benefit. And we sincerely like to be your supplier. We hope that this is a
      good beginning of successfully cooperation. If you are interested
      in our products, please feel free to contact us, and we will very
      appreciate if you can attach some information about your company for
      better understanding between us. Looking forward to your reply
      
      Yours
      sincerely,
      Amanda
      
      Guangxi Zikang Biotechnology Co.,Ltd
      Tel£º0086-772-2615777, 0086-772-2619555
      Fax£º0086-772-2629799, 0086-772-2621777Email£ºuq49sa1y6@yahoo.com.cn
      
      http://syl.x9iy96.cn/ Adress£ºNo 25 Guizhong Road
      Louzhou Guangxi China, Newhigh Tech Development Zone. Contact
      Person£ºMr Wang; Amanda
</TEXT>
</DOC>

