<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\018\031</DOCNO>
<FROM>brli2yg8ay@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>i2450@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
All are not cooks that walk with long knives 

  Grease is the only cure for a hangover Beauty is in the eye of the beholder A Deaf Husband and a Blind Wife are Always a Happy Couple. Eat well, stay fit, die anyway Too many clicks spoil the browse. Christmas comes but once a yearThe road to hell is paved with good intentions A penny always turns up. 
  Yuh can't suck cane and blow whistle. United we stand, divided we fall  Haste makes waste. Two Dogs Fight for a Bone, and a Third Runs Away With it  Its only rock n roll but I like it Dead men tell no talesConfession is good for the soul The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is God made the country and man made the town! Think before you speak To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart  If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride 
  Revenge is sweet Flies never visit an egg that has no crack  All things come to those who wait Yuh can't fatten cow fuh another man butcher.	God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves  Mind your own business A little of what you fancy does you good.  When two big bottle deh ah table lil one nah business deh. Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness. Laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry and.. you have to blow your nose. 
  If a son is uneducated, his dad is to blameWhen yuh dead yuh nah sabee, and when yuh sabee yuh dead. Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? More haste less speed The rotten apple injures its neighbours A watched pot never boils.The best throw of the dice is to throw them away  Time heals all wounds. 
  St Swithins Day, if thou does rain, for forty days it will remain, St Swithins day if thou be fair for forty days twill rain no more Wonders will never cease Better to be envied than pitied Home is where the heart is Great groups from little icons grow. Night is the Mother of Counsel Faint heart never won fair lady Make hay while the sun shinesA cat has nine lives. A miss is as good as a mr. None so deaf as those who will not hear  No matter how long a log stays in the water it does not become a crocodile  
  Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it Football is a game of two halves He Lives Long Who Lives Well Watch your thoughts, they become words Watch your words, they become actions, watch your actions, they become habits, watch your habits, they become characer Watch your character, it becomes your destiny  Necessity is the mother of invention.Modulation in all things. Actions speak louder than words. Kill two birds with one stone A Good Tongue is a Good Weapon. 
  Better an open enemy, than a false friend Never look a gift horse in the mouthBut ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof. Never judge a book by its cover. Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing It is possible to give without loving but it is impossible to love without giving  When two buffalo fight, it is the grass that gets hurt! Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly A cat may look at a king. The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles 
  The trouble with experience is that by the time you have it, you are too old to take advantage of it The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs
</TEXT>
</DOC>

