<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\018\034</DOCNO>
<FROM>qp76014a7nv1@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>85w6876@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Earn more on booming sttock markets with expert advice sstock market tendencies and booming predictions

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Epxected prcie at the end of the week: $1.7! Follow the professionals with expert stockk advice

Don't loose a chance to eaarn with us. sstocks that perform like rockets explained Reliable methods of stoock analysis and optimal buy and sell times 


 ...............................
Wedey is the root of all evil  It is good to have company in misery Cleanliness is next to Godliness Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse  The course of true love never did run smooth The best doctors are Dr Diet, Dr Quiet and Dr Merryman Its a wise child that knows its own father


After all is said and done, more is said than done  All good things must come to an end Love will find a way As busy as a bee Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors A good tree brings forth good fruit. Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly We do not care of what we have, but we cry when it is lost 
True love is like a teardrop in Niagra falls  After a storm comes a calm. There is an exception to every rule Procrastination is the thief of time If they say, Come with us, let us lay wait for blood, let us lurk privily for the innocent without cause. Look before you leap Patience is a virtue Corporations have neither bodies to be punished nor souls to be damned  Nah one time a fire mek peas boil. A huge part of real love is constant forgiveness. If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. In Gates we trust. A black plum is as sweet as a white. Like clouds and wind without rain is a man who boasts of gifts he does not give
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped  Greedy folks have long arms  How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? A fool gives; a wise man takes. If yuh nah get wing, nah ah guh a bird sport. The King can make a knight, but not a gentleman  

The early bird catches the worm. Let bygones be bygones As busy as a bee There is no time like the present Little Strokes Fell Great Oaks Great minds think alike If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

