<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\021\072</DOCNO>
<FROM>6fbx.5h8ul342pl@hys1et0.net</FROM>
<TO>2b54204k@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Current sttock data analyzed by experts for earning more Short-term stockk advice that multiplies income

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:   $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:   0.53
Volume change:    521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.


Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expceted pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Unbiased stoock info and valuable insider data
This sttock is greaatly recoomended by agressive investtors in a shoort term. 

Don't loose a chance to eaarn. stoock coverage highlighting booming markets The data you need to succeed on the booming stockk markets 







 .............................
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. If you are planning for a year - sow rice, if you are planning for a decade - sow trees, if you are planning for a lifetime - educate people Love laughs at the locksmiths There is a time to speak and a time to be silent Fight fire with fire No Good Building Without a Good Foundation An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief.
If you believe everything you read, you better not read Good fences make good neighbours! Judge not that you be not judged Blessings Are Not Valued Until They Are Gone A fool and his money are soon parted. as delicate as a baby's eye lashes Yesterday is ashes; tomorrow wood Only today does the fire burn brightly You can't teach an old dog new tricks. 

You cannot burn the candle at both ends Every Soldier has the Baton of a Field Marshal in his Knapsack Every body wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die Prevention is better than cure. Under the thorn grow the roses  Nothing is certain but death and taxes He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. Take heed of reconciled enemies and of meat twice boiled  He knows best what good is that has endured evil  Actions speak louder than words. Boys will be boys Don't count your chickens before they're hatched . A closed mouth gathers no feet.  A fool and his money are soon parted. Its only rock n roll but I like it


When yuh deh in bad luck wet paper self ah cut yuh. A good lawyer must be a great liar. Good things come in small packages. Business before pleasure Finders keepers, losers weepers A hairy man is a happy man, a hairy wife is a witch. Every picture tells a story The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel. Do not wear out your welcome 
Grease is the only cure for a hangover A picture paints a thousand words. A cat may look at a king. My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother. Fight fire with fire The pen is mightier than the sword
</TEXT>
</DOC>

