<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\091\038</DOCNO>
<FROM>2f9g9t95pn145bze1@info.wojxfd.com</FROM>
<TO>6kjhy17@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT>AfCS-Nature Signaling Update Contents for 28 April 2006</SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Signaling Update 〞 25 April 2006
Signaling Update is a one-stop online resource designed to keep you in touch with the latest and most exciting research in cell signaling. New content is uploaded every Wedday.











New in Signaling Update this week:























featured article









Presenilin: Showing less cleavage
TMP21 is a novel component of the presenilin complex that negatively regulates 污-secretase and the production of amyloid-? peptide.
Original research paper: Nature 440, 1208每1212 (27 April 2006) | doi:10.1038/nature04667









 previous featured articles






















The Nature Podcast - a FREE weekly audio show!
Featuring highlights from news and articles published in Nature, including interviews with the people behind the science. 
You can listen to the show directly in your media player or subscribe to our free RSS feed. 
syl.wojxfd.com/nature/ podcast/4cp47.n4t3













molecule of the week







The Molecule Pages: A comprehensive, relational, signaling database. Each week we highlight an expert-authored, peer-reviewed Molecule Page.







5-Hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A

5-Hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A (5-HT2A) is a prototypical G-protein coupled serotonin receptor. It is the main molecular target for the LSD-like hallucinogens, which function as agonists, and for atypical antipsychotic drugs, which function as antagonists.



Also published this week: CD72; Grp94; Ly49Q.









 search the molecule pages









selected updates









embrane dynamics: Getting and staying in shape
Two integral membrane proteins, DP1 and reticulon-4a, are responsible for shaping the tubular endoplasmic reticulum (ER).
Original research paper: Cell 124, 573每586 (2006) 









Viral immunity: Turning off class switching
The soluble HIV-1 negative factor (Nef) inhibits class-switch recombination in B cells, thus preventing production of the antibody classes that are most adept at clearing the virus. 
Original research paper: Nature Immunol. 7, 302每310 (2006) 









T-cell memory: Less is more
A new study shows that intraclonal competition among naive T cells not only influences their own survival but also that of their memory-cell progeny.
Original research paper: Science 25 Oct 2006 (doi:10.1126/science.1124228) 













 more updates









research library









The Research Library brings together all recent signaling-related research published in the Nature Publishing Group journals. Divided up into subject categories or by date, you can be guaranteed to find what you are looking for. Here is a selection of the newest and hottest research published this week.






Lysyl oxidase is essential for hypoxia-induced metastasis
Nature 440, 1222每1226 (27 April 2006)
 Subscribe to this journal 
The KLHL12每Cullin-3 ubiquitin ligase negatively regulates the Wnt每beta-catenin pathway by targeting Dishevelled for degradation
Nature Cell Biology 8, 348每357 (2006)
 Subscribe to this journal 
Induction of leptin resistance through direct interaction of C-reactive protein with leptin
Nature Medicine 12, 425每432 (2006)
 Subscribe to this journal 









signaling news









FOCUS: SPECIALIZED IMMUNOLOGICAL NICHES


This focus in Nature Immunology presents specially commissioned reviews that examine the effect of differing tissue environments on the activity and functional capacity of cells in the immune system. It also includes an annotated list of classical papers that have propelled the field forward and a selection of recent articles published by the Nature Publishing Group. 
An online video library illustrates the interaction dynamics between immune cells in these specific microenvironments. 






 more news 









signaling job of the week









from naturejobs the scientific careers resource

Postdoctoral Research Associate
Employer: Vanderbilt School of Medicine
Location: Nashville, Tennessee

A postdoctoral position is available immediately to study the genetic control of adaptive immunity and lymphocyte signaling. Prior experience with techniques to analyze the immune system in genetically altered mice is highly desirable (FACS, adoptive transfer, ELISA, cytokine assays)...
more jobs 









































 
Welcome to the next wave of Signal Transduction discovery.
Eli Lilly and Company is proud to be a corporate sponsor of the AfCS-Nature Signaling Gateway. Lilly creates and delivers innovative medicinal modulators of signal transduction pathways that enable people to live longer, healthier and more active lives.
syl.2q12u.com




















As a registered user of the Nature Publishing Group web sites, you were selected to receive this message in the genuine belief that it would be of interest to you.
REMEMBER it is possible to log into the Signaling Gateway using your 626hux.com login or your Signaling Gateway login. To update your account details please choose one of the options below. Should you have an account on both sites you would need to update both your accounts using both options below:
If you no longer wish to receive news and announcements from Nature Publishing Group and you use your 626hux.com login details to log into the Signaling Gateway please update your online 626hux.com account details here.
If you no longer wish to receive news and announcements from the Signaling Gateway and you have registered an account on the Signaling Gateway please update your Signaling Gateway account here.
For further technical assistance, print subscription enquiries or any other enquiries, please click here. 
Nature Publishing Group's worldwide offices: London ? Paris ? Munich ? New Delhi ? Tokyo ? Melbourne ? San Diego ? San Francisco ? Washington ? New York ? Boston
















 ? 2006 Nature Publishing Group 

Privacy Policy
</TEXT>
</DOC>

