<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\307\050</DOCNO>
<FROM>32f.519qz0@ghfo14d.com</FROM>
<TO>jw5nx80@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Purchase audio conferences on CD
      Can't attend but wish you could? No problem. All of our 90-minute
audio conferences are recorded on CD and are available for purchase -
including last month's conference with author, Jeff Wedll.

      Suggest a Topic or Author
      Any topic you'd like to learn more about? Have an author you'd like to
hear speak? We'd love to know your thoughts.

      Author Directory
      Browse our directory of authors we have summarized.
     Interactive Learning Experiences Featuring the Best Minds in Business
      Soundview's audio conferences take you beyond the books and into the
minds of the top business authors of our time. Learn from their experiences,
hear their stories, discover their wisdom, and share their knowledge. All
conferences are live, and provide the opportunity for you to ask your
questions of the authors.

       A Conference Highlight

      During our Q&A time with John Maxwell at our April audio conference a
question was asked about getting noticed by those above you by lightening
their work load.

      8.g6xu about when you try to lighten someone's load and they take
advantage of the situation? What should you do then?

      A. Well, first of all that happens often. And you ask yourself the
question, "Did I lighten the person's load to lighten their load or did I
lighten their load so that I would get recognized and promoted?" If you
lighten their load to get recognized and promoted you'll be more
disappointed than you are probably pleased.

      You really do this because it's just the right thing to do. I just
learned a long time ago that people that are successful just do the right
thing. And sometimes the reward is there, sometimes the reward isn't there,
but it doesn't really matter. They're just in it for adding value to people.
And I think, if that is your purpose, you'll be a little bit less sensitive
to the fact, "well this didn't give me a return, or seemingly nothing
happened, I didn't even get a 'thank you' for this." Or, "they took my stuff
and they took the credit for it and no one even knows that I'm here."

      Just keep doing the right thing and what'll happen is, in the long run
you'll begin to sense that you're making some progress and probably
relationally and probably you'll start making some progress positionally in
the organization.

      So I would encourage you don't look for quick fixes or fast returns,
just do it because it's right and in the process of doing the right thing
continually, good stuff will begin to happen.

      Watch for more conference highlights in upcoming editions of our
Beyond the Books e-newsletter.

       Featured Audio Conference
      Destroying the Barriers that Turn Colleagues into Competitors
       Featuring: Patrick Lencioni, author of Silos, Politics, and Turf Wars
      Oct 16, 2006 ? 1:00-2:30 p.m. (Eastern)
      As with his other books, Lencioni wrote Silos, Politics, and Turf Wars
as a fictional?but eerily realistic?story. The story is about Jude Cousins,
an eager young management consultant struggling to launch his practice by
solving one of the more universal and frustrating problems faced by his
clients. Through trial and error, he develops a simple yet ground-breaking
approach for helping them transform confusion and infighting into clarity
and alignment.

      In this latest Soundview audio conference, Patrick Lencioni will
address the costly and maddening issue of silos, the barriers that create
organizational politics. Silos devastate organizations, kill productivity,
push good people out the door, and jeopardize the achievement of corporate
goals.

       Patrick Lencioni is the founder and president of The Table Group,
Inc., a specialized management-consulting firm focused on executive
team-building and organizational health. He has been described by the
One-Minute Manager's Ken Blanchard as "fast defining the next generation of
business thinkers". Lencioni is known for striking at the root of the
problem, as demonstrated by his previous books - Five Temptations of a CEO,
Five Dysfunctions of a Team, and Death by Meeting. His latest topic is not
an exception.

            What You'll Learn:

              a.. How silos (barriers in organizations) kill productivity
and jeopardize corporate goals.
              b.. How to replace infighting and confusion with alignment and
clarity.
              c.. Ways to break down negative competition between colleagues

            Register for this audio conference today!
              Conference Testimonial


            "Exceeded my expectations. Speaker (was) willing to address
tough questions without acting rushed to move forward due to time."


            - Meta Pugh

            Waynesboro Hospital - Summit Health



      Upcoming Audio Conferences
      Win with Enthusiastic Employees
       Featuring: David Sirota
      June 8, 2006 ? 1:00-2:30 p.m. (Eastern)
      Enthusiastic employees outproduce and outperform employees who are not
motivated to perform. So why are managers demotivating employees? Sirota
offers tried and true techniques and research-proven solutions to inspire
and build bottom-lines.

      What You'll Learn:

        a.. Techniques that are shown to increase employee performance
        b.. How to deliver the three core elements of a healthy workplace
        c.. Ways to stop your organization's managers from demotivating your
employees
        d.. How to build a real partnership culture for the long term

      Learn more and register for this conference.


      How Great Companies Evolve to Remain Profitable
       Featuring: Geoffrey Moore
      July 18, 2006 ? 1:00-2:30 p.m. (Eastern)
      Moore has made the understanding and exploitation of disruptive
technologies the core of his life's work. He will focus on the changing
business landscape and how companies must manage both innovation and inertia
to create superior economic returns.

      What You'll Learn:

        a.. Tips to maintain your competitive edge.
        b.. How to reinterpret the changing landscape of business to
highlight new competitive forces.
        c.. How to manage innovation and inertia.

      Learn more and register for this conference.


      Other Audio Conferences that Soundview Recommends

      From time to time, through our relationships with publishers and
authors, we run across additional learning opportunities that we believe
will be of interest to our customers. See below for one such conference by
business book author Marcus Buckingham.

      The Practice of Great Managers and Leaders
      Oct 24, 2006

      Marcus Buckingham gives important insights to maximizing strengths,
understanding the crucial differences between leadership and management, and
fulfilling the quest for long-lasting personal success. In this interactive,
90-minute program, Buckingham will help you:

        a.. Stimulate behaviors that are more effective and efficient by
focusing on individual abilities
        b.. Break free of strict job descriptions that condemn you and your
team to suboptimal performance
        c.. Ask the right questions; squeeze the right triggers; and uncover
learning styles that are the key to enabling each staff member to excel.
      Join Marcus Buckingham as he helps you discover the elusive "one
thing" that separates great managers and leaders.


      Learn More and Register for this virtual conference provided by one of
our partners.

            If you wish to either add or remove yourself from this free
monthly newsletter list, please visit the following page on our Web site:
http://syl.ghfo14d.com/Soundview/r7x.n4t3
            On that page you will be asked to enter your e-mail address. If
you want to be removed from the list, please use the following e-mail
address, which we currently have on our list:
            jw5nx80@utsc.edu.cn

            Soundview Executive Book Summaries
            P.O. Box 7000 - Concordville, PA 19331 USA
            1-800-SUMMARY - syl.ghfo14d.comPurchase 
      audio conferences on CD Can't attend but wish you could? 
      No problem. All of our 90-minute audio conferences are recorded on CD and 
      are available for purchase - including last month's conference with 
      author, Jeff Wedll. 
      Suggest a Topic or 
      Author Any topic you'd like to learn more about? Have an 
      author you'd like to hear speak? We'd love to know your thoughts. 
      Author 
      Directory Browse our directory of authors we have 
      summarized. 
    
      Interactive 
      Learning Experiences Featuring the Best Minds in Business  
  
    
      
      Soundview's audio conferences take you beyond the books and into the 
      minds of the top business authors of our time. Learn from their 
      experiences, hear their stories, discover their wisdom, and share their 
      knowledge. All conferences are live, and provide the opportunity for you 
      to ask your questions of the authors. A Conference 
      Highlight
      During our QA time with John Maxwell at our April audio conference 
      a question was asked about getting noticed by those above you by 
      lightening their work load.
      Q.What about when you try to lighten someone's load and they 
      take advantage of the situation? What should you do then?
      A. Well, first of all that happens often. And you ask yourself 
      the question, "Did I lighten the person's load to lighten their load or 
      did I lighten their load so that I would get recognized and promoted?" If 
      you lighten their load to get recognized and promoted you'll be more 
      disappointed than you are probably pleased.
      You really do this because it's just the right thing to do. I just 
      learned a long time ago that people that are successful just do the right 
      thing. And sometimes the reward is there, sometimes the reward isn't 
      there, but it doesn't really matter. They're just in it for adding value 
      to people. And I think, if that is your purpose, you'll be a little bit 
      less sensitive to the fact, "well this didn't give me a return, or 
      seemingly nothing happened, I didn't even get a 'thank you' for this." Or, 
      "they took my stuff and they took the credit for it and no one even knows 
      that I'm here."
      Just keep doing the right thing and what'll happen is, in the long run 
      you'll begin to sense that you're making some progress and probably 
      relationally and probably you'll start making some progress positionally 
      in the organization.
      So I would encourage you don't look for quick fixes or fast returns, 
      just do it because it's right and in the process of doing the right thing 
      continually, good stuff will begin to happen.
      Watch for more conference highlights in upcoming editions of our 
      Beyond the Books e-newsletter. Featured Audio 
      ConferenceDestroying the Barriers that 
      Turn Colleagues into Competitors Featuring: 
      Patrick Lencioni, author of Silos, Politics, and Turf WarsMay 16, 2006 ? 1:00-2:30 
      p.m. (Eastern) 
      As with his other books, Lencioni wrote Silos, Politics, and Turf 
      Wars as a fictional?but eerily realistic?story. The story is about 
      Jude Cousins, an eager young management consultant struggling to launch 
      his practice by solving one of the more universal and frustrating problems 
      faced by his clients. Through trial and error, he develops a simple yet 
      ground-breaking approach for helping them transform confusion and 
      infighting into clarity and alignment. 
      In this latest Soundview audio conference, Patrick Lencioni will 
      address the costly and maddening issue of silos, the barriers that create 
      organizational politics. Silos devastate organizations, kill productivity, 
      push good people out the door, and jeopardize the achievement of corporate 
      goals.
       Patrick Lencioni is the founder and 
      president of The Table Group, Inc., a specialized management-consulting 
      firm focused on executive team-building and organizational health. He has 
      been described by the One-Minute Manager's Ken Blanchard as "fast 
      defining the next generation of business thinkers". Lencioni is known for 
      striking at the root of the problem, as demonstrated by his previous books 
      - Five Temptations of a CEO, Five Dysfunctions of a Team, 
      and Death by Meeting. His latest topic is not an exception.
      
        
        
          
            What You'll 
            Learn: 
           
          
            
            Conference Testimonial
            "Exceeded my expectations. Speaker 
            (was) willing to address tough questions without acting rushed to 
            move forward due to time." 
            - Meta Pugh
            Waynesboro Hospital 
            - Summit Health Upcoming Audio 
      ConferencesWin with Enthusiastic 
      Employees Featuring: David SirotaJune 8, 2006 ? 1:00-2:30 
      p.m. (Eastern) 
      Enthusiastic employees outproduce and outperform employees who are not 
      motivated to perform. So why are managers demotivating employees? Sirota 
      offers tried and true techniques and research-proven solutions to inspire 
      and build bottom-lines.
      What You'll Learn: 
      
        Techniques that are shown to increase employee performance 
        How to deliver the three core elements of a healthy workplace 
        Ways to stop your organization's managers from demotivating your 
        employees 
        How to build a real partnership culture for the long term 
      
      Learn more and register 
      for this conference. How Great Companies Evolve to 
      Remain Profitable Featuring: Geoffrey MooreJuly 18, 2006 ? 
      1:00-2:30 p.m. (Eastern) 
      Moore has made the understanding and exploitation of disruptive 
      technologies the core of his life's work. He will focus on the changing 
      business landscape and how companies must manage both innovation and 
      inertia to create superior economic returns.
      What You'll Learn: 
      
        Tips to maintain your competitive edge. 
        How to reinterpret the changing landscape of business to highlight 
        new competitive forces. 
        How to manage innovation and inertia. 
      
      Learn more and register 
      for this conference. Other Audio 
      Conferences that Soundview Recommends
      From time to time, through our relationships with publishers and 
      authors, we run across additional learning opportunities that we believe 
      will be of interest to our customers. See below for one such conference by 
      business book author Marcus Buckingham.The Practice of Great Managers 
      and LeadersMay 
      24, 2006
      Marcus Buckingham gives important insights to maximizing strengths, 
      understanding the crucial differences between leadership and management, 
      and fulfilling the quest for long-lasting personal success. In this 
      interactive, 90-minute program, Buckingham will help you:
      
        Stimulate behaviors that are more effective and efficient by 
        focusing on individual abilities 
        Break free of strict job descriptions that condemn you and your team 
        to suboptimal performance 
        Ask the right questions; squeeze the right triggers; and uncover 
        learning styles that are the key to enabling each staff member to excel. 
        
      Join Marcus Buckingham as he helps you discover the elusive "one thing" 
      that separates great managers and leaders. 
      Learn 
      More and Register for this virtual conference provided by one of our 
      partners.
  
    
      
        
        
          
            If 
            you wish to either add or remove yourself from this free monthly 
            newsletter list, please visit the following page on our Web site: http://syl.ghfo14d.com/Soundview/r7x.n4t3On 
            that page you will be asked to enter your e-mail address. If you 
            want to be removed from the list, please use the following e-mail 
            address, which we currently have on our 
            list:jw5nx80@utsc.edu.cn
            Soundview Executive Book SummariesP.O. Box 7000 - 
            Concordville, PA 19331 USA1-800-SUMMARY - syl.ghfo14d.com
</TEXT>
</DOC>

