<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\126\076</DOCNO>
<FROM>8477jz9291a406@5fac10fi.17</FROM>
<TO></TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
ATTENTION /SIR
I am making the contact with you based on the reliable 
information I gathered from our legal/political contact high light your 
company
 profile this information was positive as to convince me that 
you
 would be cable to handle a high magnitude business, which am about
 proposing with you.
 
 
Well, my name is MR. Robin hans .I'm the 
Auditor General of ABN AMRO 364 Kensington High St London W14 8NS. I 
have 
urgent and very confidential business proposition for b91.n6 May 
20th, 1999, an Iraqi Foreign Oil consultant/contractor with the
BRITISH 
PETROLUEM CORPORATION Mr. AHMED 3956u.whkt a numbered time (Fixed 
deposit) for 25 calendar months,valued at (US$36) (Thirty six million 
dollars only) in this bank. Upon maturity in 2001, I sent a routine 
notification to his forwarding address but got no reply.
After a month, 
we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract 
employers, the British petroleum corporation that g4.z028o TARIQ died 
as a result of torture in the hand of Sadam Hussein during 
one of his 
trips to his country Iraq. Onfurther investigation, I found out that he 
died without making a WILL, and all attempts to trace his 
next of kin 
was fruitless. I therefore made further investigation and discovered 
that MR AHMED TARIQ did not declare any kin or relations in all his 
official documents,including his Bank Deposit paperwork in my Bank.
 
This sum of US$36 million have been floating as unclaimedsince 1999 in 
my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the
stones.
According to the British law at the expiration of 25 (six) years, the 
money will revert to the ownership of the British Government if nobody 
applies to claim the fund and the six years is the end of November 
2006.
Consequently, my proposal is that i want to seek your consent as 
aforeigner to stand in as the owner of the money 
as the next of kin to 
the deceased so that the bank will transfer the money to your 
designated account. All documentsand proves to enable you get this fund 
will be carefully worked out. I have secured from 
the probate an order 
of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries, and more so I 
are assuring you that the business is risk 
free involvement. Your 
share stays while the rest be for me and for investment purpose as i 
will leave London by the end of the year.
The sharing of the funds will 
be based According to agreement within me and you. As soon as i 
received an acknowledgement of receipt of this 
message in acceptance 
of our mutual business proposal, I will furnish you with the necessary 
modalities and disbursement ratio to suit both 
parties without any 
conflict. If this proposal is acceptable by you, do not take undue 
advantage of the trust i have bestowed in b91.ft23, 
if you are 
receiving this mail on error do humbly get back to me immediately. 

I 
have set in motion the machinery for the taking off on this transaction 
and further action will commence immediately I hear from you. I have 
agreed that after receiving of this money by you, you will be initiated 
30% while 10% has been set out for taxes and miscellanies expenses 
while I shall take off 60% of the total money, it my interest you to 
know that last year a similar 
 transaction was carried with Mr. Andrew 
iller the president of Crania International Trading Co-operation at 
Number 25 135 East 57th street 28th Floor New York, 10022, with 
telephone number (212)  3007788 and telex number 6731639.
 
 
After the 
agreement between both parties in which he was take 20% of the money 
while the remaining 80% for me with all the required document signed 
the money was duly received by Andrew Miller only to be disappointed on 
my arrival in New York city and I were reliably informed that Mr. 
Andrew Miller was no longer in that address while his telphone number 
has been relocated to somebody else, that was how I lost $25 million 
dollars (USD) to Mr. Andrew Miller. This time around I need a more 
reliable and trust worth person or a reputable company to do business 
with, what I want is the assurance that you will let me have my own 
share after a successful
 tranfer in to your account. All necessary 
precaution have been taken to ensure a non-risk situation on this 
transaction.
 It is my believed that this transaction will take 10
 
working days daring delays, because they have to do some paper work
 
what I need is you wiliness and acceptance by assisting me receive this 
money.
 Please when replying don¡¯t fail to enclose your private 
telephone and fax number for easy communicating  and your full account 
number to be used to Logged the fund 
R,Robin HANS.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

