<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\214\075</DOCNO>
<FROM>ji26qg9mgk8ou66@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>m5y3x@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Life begins at forty Fools seldom differ  

  It is foolish to deal with a fool Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse. To listen is to learn, and to understand is to inspire.. Too many clicks spoil the browse  An old Ox makes a straight furrow Don't mind how bird vex, it can't vex with tree. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.The tide never goes out so far but it always comes in again  
  Out of sight, out of mind Charity begins at home After a famine in the stall comes a famine in the hall  A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth. The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth Is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness A user and his leisure time are soon parted. A bad penny always turns up.After the storm comes the calm Better wed over the mixen than over the moor God gives every bird its food, but does not always drop it into the nest  A book holds a house of gold. Life begins at forty 
  If you lie down with the dogs, you'll.. stink in the morning. Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It Talk about things of tomorrow and the mice inside the ceiling laugh Everything comes to him who waits Attack is the best form of defence Draw Not Your Bow Till the Arrow is FixedThere Are No Atheists in Foxholes Life is like a drawing pin - sharp at one end, and flat at the other An ant may well destroy a whole dam  Fight truth decay, read the bible  To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. Wedends are made by many acts - and lost by only one  There are two sides to every question 
  Unkissed, unkindIf you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spiders A stitch in time saves nine. Nah all who guh a church house ah guh fuh pray. Opportunity makes a thief Dah mouth dat man tek fuh court woman, ah de same mouth he ah tek an put she ah door. The pen is mightier than the sword. Blue are the hills that are far awayThe more the merrier  
  My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  At the end of the game, the King and the pawn go back in the same box Half a loaf is better than no bread  The country is in ruins, and there are still mountains and rivers - japanese proverb Kill two birds with one stone As busy as a bee Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  Silence is the fence around wisdomYou cant buy love  Smooth runs the water where the brook is deep 
  What does not kill you makes you stronger All is for the best in the best of the possible worlds The Best Fish Swim Near the Bottom Facts are stubborn thingsFor the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life. Let the buyer beware The best things come in small packages The more one knows, the less one believes All roads lead to Rome If you lie down with the dogs, you'll.. stink in the morning. 
  God is Always on the Side of the Big Battalions If you would enjoy the fruit, pluck not the flower  Every Cook Praises His Own BrothMother knows best Every cross has its inscriptions He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate, he who loves finds the gates open To whom God gives, to him also the people give  Every fowl feed pon he own craw. Eat well, stay fit, die anyway A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
  Like father, like son
</TEXT>
</DOC>

