<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\323\021</DOCNO>
<FROM>fm7ni57715mzw203@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>85w6876@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
arket pulses announced and stocck booming analyzed Save nerves and funds with reliable stocck recommendations  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Profit from insider stoock info that makes you win
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. stocck recommendations on short-term trading  ........................................
  A chat has nine lives.. Look good, feel good Love thy neighbour as thy self Too many cooks spoil the broth Beauty without grace is like a hook without bait. .Pick your friends like you pick your fruit Wonders will never cease 
  If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before. Every Ass Loves to Hear Himself Bray Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them.Practice makes perfect. Cheats never prosper Time is a great healer If you get a good wife you will be happy, if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher  To the jaundiced eye all things look yellow Variety is the spice of life A drowning man will clutch at straws. 
  Never look a gift horse in the mouth Better to be safe than sorry Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong Vice nah hurt but conscience ah hurt yuh. Once in a blue moon Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy  Your troubles seem larger the longer you look at them Easy come, easy go A fly will not get into a closed mouth.He knows best what good is that has endured evil  
  When good cheer is lacking, our friends will be packing After dark all cats are leopards When alone, we have our thoughts to watch, in our families, our tempers and in society our tongues All things come to those who wait Better wed over the mixen than over the moor See Naples and die When fortune smiles, embrace herThe more the merrier  Wedey makes the world go around Happiness is wanting what you have - not having what you want When the blind leadeth the blind.. get out of the way. Contributed by Charon Muck, 25 Oct 2000  
  A place for everything and everything in its place. Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  A camel is a horse designed by a committee.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

