<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\323\033</DOCNO>
<FROM>97k68.6o7f5@e1cf930bc457.net</FROM>
<TO>4mgs99@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Detailed stocck market information for beneficial cooperation Top factors causing sttock booming and revenue increase

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price: $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:  521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Epxected prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! stocck market tendencies and booming predictions
This stockk is greattly recomendeed by agressive inveestors in a short tterm. 

Don't loose a chance to earnn. Increase your profits in rocketing stockk environment 



 ....................................
Football is a game of two halves The best things come in small packages Fools build houses, and wise men live in them He who hesitates is lost Better do it than wish it done A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall. A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight.

Necessity is the mother of invention. Children should be seen and not heard If the wind will not serve, take to the oars A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.  Attack is the best form of defence The pen is mightier than the sword Every family has a skeleton in the cupboard 


The pot calls the kettle black. A miss is as good as a.. Mr.. I have found at my age going bra-less pulls all the wrinkles out of my face.  A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain. Take heed of reconciled enemies and of meat twice boiled  Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit  A penny saved is a penny earned, and All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. And why wilt thou, my son, be ravished with a strange woman, and embrace the bosom of a stranger? A lender nor borrower be.  Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish. Lear from the past, Live for today Look for tomorrow, take a nap this afternoon A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.  We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads 
A book holds a house of gold. Coin a phrase You're never too old to learn. A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.  Forewarned is forearmed Time and tide wait for no man. A miss is as good as a mile. Angry Men Make Themselves a Bed of Nettles 

Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel. There is an exception to every rule To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. He is at Ease Who Has Enough Second place is first loser When you want fuh swim river yuh gat fuh plunge inside fuss. Take care of the pennies and the pounds will take care of themselves
</TEXT>
</DOC>

