<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\290\032</DOCNO>
<FROM>z881s505y7@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>471c2i8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
You cannot sell the cow and sup the milk 

  For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil. Never too old to learn Better to be alone than in bad company  No Good Building Without a Good Foundation Fools seldom differ. The rotten apple injures its neighboursIf the wind will not serve, take to the oars 
  Cold hands, warm heart  Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers When words are many, sin is not absent, but he who holds his tongue is wise Good people are scarce It takes one day to destroy a house but to build a new one will take months, perhaps years  One cannot quarrel without an opponent There is illumination at the termination of the subterranean excavation. When It Rains and the Wed Shines at the Same Time the Devil is Beating his Wife Fish ah deh ah watah but nah ah dam tap. When fortune smiles, embrace her 
  A Man of Words and Not of Deeds is Like a Garden Full of Weeds. Opportunity seldom knocks twice Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. Shame face ah feel like cent ice. We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain Procrastination is the thief of time You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar From the sweetest wine the tartest vinegar The e-mail of the species is more deadly than the mail. Quality is better than quantity  
  In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is KingBetter do it than wish it done There's no fool like an old fool. A little of what you fancy does you good.  Blessings Are Not Valued Until They Are Gone as soft as velvet Motivation is what gets you started habit is what keeps you going  It will all come right in the wash Discretion is the better part of valour If you believe everything you read, you better not readPain is temporary, victory is forever  
  All you need is love Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  A slap on the back is only a few inches away from a kick in the butt. He travels fastest who travels alone  He who guards his lips guards his life, but he who speaks rashly will come to ruin Only knife ah know whah in pumpkin belly.	 If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before.Wedlight penetrates even the thinnest crack Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing Age is a very high price to pay for maturity. . 
  A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.  Every Cook Praises His Own Broth Books and friends should be few and good Turtle nah want trouble mek he walk with he house pon he back. Every little helps Lil boy nah climb ladder to turn big man.There are two sides to every question My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword  A fool gives; a wise man takes. 
  Contributed by Charon Muck, 25 Oct 2000  Every path has its puddle. But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child.Well done is better than well said A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall. A penny saved is a penny earned, and All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. He who guards his lips guards his life, but he who speaks rashly will come to ruin Why bark when you can get a dog to do it  Give credit where credit is due Yuh can't suck cane and blow whistle. Spare the rod and spoil the child 
  Pride comes before a fall
</TEXT>
</DOC>

