<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\318\090</DOCNO>
<FROM>6ej51o9h518@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>0w020z@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stoock recommendation boosting stocck performance Price-sensitive insider information on stoocks to boost revenues  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Detailed stocck market information for beneficial cooperation
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Corporate insider info that is worth learning Price-sensitive insider information on stockks to boost revenues  ..............................................
  There is no accounting for taste  Great minds think alike, simple minds cant think of anything different Distance makes the heart grow fonder Beer before wine is fine Wine before beer makes you feel queer! Work is the curse of the drinking classes You have to understand, somethings you will never understand  Speak when you are spoken toLike a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Turtle nah want trouble mek he walk with he house pon he back. 
  Experience is a great servant When dog hungry he ah nyam calabash. Two heads are better than one Patience is a virtue Dah mouth dat man tek fuh court woman, ah de same mouth he ah tek an put she ah door.Life begins at forty Perfection is inperfect There will be rubs in the smoothest road A heavy purse gives to a light heart. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. No man is wise at all times  
  Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. Gut No Fish Till You Get Them Age is a very high price to pay for maturity. . A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. Happy the bride who.. gets all the presents. Faith will move mountains. It is good to have company in misery Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief All the world loves a lover 
  There is always some madness in love But there is also always some reason in madness  Fax is stranger than fiction. There is a time to speak and a time to be silent If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . Tis better to get things for free, than to work up a sweat  To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman.To deceive oneself is very easy Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails Good and quickly seldom meet  A wise son brings joy to his father,but a foolish son grief to his mother. 
  What goes around, comes around  Time and tide wait for no man.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

