<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\358\094</DOCNO>
<FROM>cah6793v00aq3a9q@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>94351zp8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Forewarned is forearmed Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it 

  Old habits die hard Who feels guilty, feels responsible Murder will out All things are possible with god Wise men think alike. Murder will out There is a time to speak and a time to be silent He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard People living in glass houses should not!. Actions speak louder than words.Too many cooks spoil the broth Grow your own dope - plant a man! 
  A bad custom is like a good cake, better broken than kept. Enough is as good as a feast  The devil find work for idle hands to do A little of what you fancy does you good.  If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride Accidents will happen in the best regulated families. Like flogging a dead horseHe who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day Better an open enemy, than a false friend Youth and Old Age Will Never Agree Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets. 
  Handsome is as handsome does A good mate is the road map for the spaghetti junction of life. One years seeding means seven years weeding To whom God gives, to him also the people give Practice what you preach  Rain, Rain, go away, come back another day He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill! Keep your chin up Better safe than sorry Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it Opportunity seldom knocks twice. 
  A friend in need is a friend indeed.Only fools and horses work  On the Turf all men are equal, and under it  The bigger the better. The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight. Pick your friends like you pick your fruit Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. If you wish to be loved, love Cultivate money and you grow rich, Cultivate mind and you raise cultureAll that glisters is not gold  
  Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. Fools build houses, and wise men live in them Spare the rod and spoil the child You win some, you lose some A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood. Nah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. Wise men think alike. If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?.Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  Fair without , false within A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. 
  Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it Silence is golden Wedkey dress e pickney till he spoil.	 Every cross has its inscriptions We had nothing to do and we did it very well Yuh tel tara and tara tell tara. The early bird catches the worm, but it is the early worm that gets caught. All good things come to he who waits  It takes one to know one 
  Laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry and.. you have to blow your nose. He that is master of himself, will soon be master of othersIt's always darkest before.. daylight savings time. All good things must come to an end You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb Life is one long catwalk The horses of hope gallop, but the asses of experience go slowly A friend is not so soon gotten as lost. A leopard cannot change its spots. Great minds think alike, simple minds cant think of anything different There's no fool like an old fool. 
  Every step of life is a risk  Never be afraid to sit awhile and think
</TEXT>
</DOC>

