<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\082\006</DOCNO>
<FROM>5607m01274@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>n217pz@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stockks that perform like rockets explained  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Most reliable methods of stockk analysis increasing your bottom line
Don't loose a chance to earnn 
  with us. investmnet guides and sstock recommendations from best analysts Successful short-term invetsment with insider info  ................................................
  At the end of the game, the King and the pawn go back in the same box As is the gardener, so is the garden  Let the buyer beware Lil boy nah climb ladder to turn big man. Lil ah sick, big a get better. A bad workman blames his tools.Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned? A penny saved is a penny earned, and All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. If yuh nah get wing, nah ah guh a bird sport. 
  A miss is as good as a.. Mr.. There is safety in numbers He who works his land will have abundant food, but the one who chases fantasies will have his fill of poverty Fish and cast-net nah friend. Share and share alike!But ye have set at nought all my counsel, and would none of my reproof. When Mumma dead family done. Dog buy rum, cow drink am, hog in sty get drunk. An idle mind is.. the best way to relax. as strong as love Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. 
  Curiosity killed the cat A best friend is like a four leaf clover, Hard to find and lucky to have. Love laughs at the locksmiths Better to live on a corner of the roof than share a house with a quarrelsome wife For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD. The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence The Mills of God Grind Slowly, Yet They Grind Exceedingly Small For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance. A cat may look at a king.Think before you speak 
  Only fools and horses work  The eyes speak as much as the mouth People living in glass houses should not pelt stones. There is a time to speak and a time to be silent If Fortune calls, offer him a seat  Life is not all beer and skittles The stick is the surest peacemakerHe who wants to do good, knocks at the gate, he who loves finds the gates open Orange yellow but yuh nah know if he sweet. Time is a great healer If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. You cannot burn the candle at both ends 
  Lightning never strikes twice in the same place Yuh gat fuh blow yuh nose where yuh stump yuh toe.	 What boots up must come down.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

