<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\306\091</DOCNO>
<FROM>043l4na1r@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>ft1113u@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Valuable sstock market information including insider data  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stoock recommendation boosting stocck performance
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Market status measurements and booming tendencies Market status measurements and booming tendencies  ....................................................
  Nah every crab hole get crab.	 Fools rush in where angels fear to tread Never guh a store ah night fuh buy black cloth. Blood is thicker than water Nah because dog ah play with yuh he nah bite yuh. A Growing Youth Has a Wolf in His Belly. A closed mouth gathers no feet.  The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles Never the twain shall meet  It never rains, but it pours.Never speak ill of the dead  Every body wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die 
  Finders keepers, losers weepers A best friend is like a four leaf clover, Hard to find and lucky to have. Do right and fear no man  Coin a phrase Rain ah fall ah roof yuh put barrel fuh ketch am.Better to have loved and lost, than never have loved at all  Beauty without virtue is a flower without perfume Cleanliness is next to Godliness Why bark when you can get a dog to do it  Spare the rod and spoil the child 
  After all is said and done, more is said than done  Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom Lightning never strikes twice in the same place. Never go to bed on an argument See Naples and die A black plum is as sweet as a white. The last straw breaks the camel's back. Never be afraid to sit awhile and think  To the jaundiced eye all things look yellow A good denial, the best point in law. Ask no questions and hear no lies Lear from the past, Live for today Look for tomorrow, take a nap this afternoon 
  Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from a friends forehead He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate, he who loves finds the gates open Love nature , live lightly Love will find a way You can have too much of a good thing Why bark when you can get a dog to do it Know which side your bread is buttered  Better a poor man whose walk is blameless than a rich man whose ways are perverse As you shall make your bed, so shall you..........mess it up. Due to the presence of fools, wise people stand out  
  Without wood a fire goes out; without gossip a quarrel dies down Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. Quickly come, quickly go Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient
</TEXT>
</DOC>

