<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\308\026</DOCNO>
<FROM>d0r0sumh48x744jv@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>278j52tkqd3y81@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Eat well, stay fit, die anyway.  Revenge is sweet 

  He who drinks Australian Thinks Australian The early bird catches the worm. Fish ah play ah sea, he nah know watah ah boil fuh am. Waste not, want not Let sleeping dogs lie Better to be lowly in spirit and among the oppressed than to share plunder with the proud I have found at my age going bra-less pulls all the wrinkles out of my face.  Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless peopleYou get out of life what you put into it 
  My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother. Constant dripping wears away the stone Things that come to those who wait may be things left by those who got there first  You can't teach an old dog new.. math. God gives every bird its food, but does not always drop it into the nest Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity. He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son  There is always somebody worst of then yourself no matter how bad things seem  A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den. He who hesitates is lost. 
  Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief  Necessity is the mother of invention He that plants a tree plants for posterity Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fire Sometimes the majority only means all the fools are on the same sideA gift given in secret soothes anger, and a bribe concealed in the cloak pacifies great wrath. A soft answer turneth away wrath. Dont teach your grandmother to suck eggs Wedendship is like money,easier made than kept The King can make a knight, but not a gentleman  And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives. 
  Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. Speak softly and carry a cellular phone.He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate, he who loves finds the gates open as soft as velvet He who laughs last laughs longest Elementary sartorial techniques initially applied obviate the need for repetitive similar actions to the square of three. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. 
  They that dance must pay the fiddler Stir With a Knife, Stir Up Strife Take your time and time will take you  To understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. Nah mind how pumpkin vine run, he must dry up one day. Knowing is not enough; We must Apply Willing is not enough; We must Do He knows best what good is that has endured evil Fools seldom differ  There is no time like the present Better late than never 
  He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. Practice makes perfect The pen is mightier than the sword. Lucky at cards, unlucky in love When coconut fall from tree he can't fasten back. Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again. When two big bottle deh ah table lil one nah business deh. Mother knows best If the wind will not serve, take to the oars Think before you speak 
  Practice makes perfect. The higher you climb up the ladder, the more people can see your arse  War does not always decide who it right but it always decides who is left!Contributed by Charon Muck, 25 Oct 2000  Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company  Rained on ground hardens (Japanese Proverb) as wrinkled as an elephant's hide A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall. When words are many, sin is not absent, but he who holds his tongue is wise Practice what you preach  
  The eyes are the window of the soul Ask a silly question and you get a silly answer
</TEXT>
</DOC>

