<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\112\044</DOCNO>
<FROM>0dkvwqb5o18@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>q039qmju@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Increase your profits in rocketing sstock environment  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCY0.67
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Increase your profits in rocketing sstock environment
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Corporate insider info that is worth learning Growth sstock picks and sttock recommendations  ..................................
  The best of men are but men at best A place for everything and everything in its place. Penny wise, pound foolish Love is the strangest thing He is an ill companion that has a good memory  It is foolish to deal with a fool Another day, another dollar The course of true love never did run smoothWho feels guilty, feels responsible Happiness is not a state of mind, but a manner of travelling  Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger. People who think the world revolves around them have no sense of direction 
  The higher the tree, the sweeter the plum  If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?. Confidence is a plant of slow growth Haste makes waste.True love never grows old Confidence is a plant of slow growth Nowt so queer as folk! A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight. For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life. 
  You cant buy love  Every Cook Praises His Own Broth Football is a game of two halves Gie yer tongue mair holidays nor yer heid  He Is Rich Enough That Wants Nothing So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. Gentle is that gentle does  Under the thorn grow the roses Gentle is that gentle does  
  So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl, four for a boy, five for silver, six for gold seven for a secret not to be sold Eight for heaven nine for hell and ten for the devils own cell The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence Revenge is a dish best served cold He who plays with fire will get burntYou can't teach a new mouse old clicks. Danger can never be overcome without taking risks  Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house down Do unto others as you would like them to do unto you Do not praise yourself while going into battle; praise yourself coming out of battle 
  Time waits for nobody A Fool Oct Give a Wise Man Counsel.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

