<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\267\007</DOCNO>
<FROM>5w698o65r66u0y@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>ymweuqw8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Radar for helping you make sttock market decisions  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Most reliable methods of sstock analysis increasing your bottom line
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Improve your yearly gains with expert sstock advice You can make more money with insider information and stockk tips  ................................................
  Silence is the fence around wisdom Do not wear out your welcome You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb Manners maketh man Everything comes to him who waits A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den. An ant may well destroy a whole dam  Trust is the mother of deceitWhat you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts A good name is more desirable than great riches; to be esteemed is better than silver or gold. Everyone must row with the oars he has. 
  In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King When Mumma dead family done. Never look a gift horse in the mouthGluttony kills more than the sword  All sunshine makes a desert  To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart  You can lead a horse to water but.. how?. Never play leapfrog with a unicorn  
  When the blind leadeth the blind.. get out of the way. The pot calls the kettle black. To many people in a dustbin means there not much room in side Rain ah fall ah roof yuh put barrel fuh ketch am. A golden key opens all doors.  Gut No Fish Till You Get Them Nah every big head get sense. To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes Lean liberty is better than fat slavery Better to be safe than.. punch a 5th grader.Discretion is the better part of valour Be just before you are generous 
  Share and share alike! The devil find work for idle hands to do Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry. I had no shoes and complained, until I met a man who had no feet  The most beautiful women are made for lovers who lack imagination Yuh can't suck cane and blow whistle. Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.When yuh play out all yuh trump cards yuh gat to lose till game done. He is at Ease Who Has Enough Too much sit down ah bruck trousers. For every action, there is an equal and opposite government program.  
  Speed thrills. He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword  Yuh can't drink mauby and belch beer.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

