<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\267\028</DOCNO>
<FROM>w16b2wk27e@f36q.com</FROM>
<TO>e4gg@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Get HYWI First Thing Tomorrow, This Is Going To Explode!

Check out for HOT NEWS!!!

Hollywood Intermediate, Inc. 
Symbol: HYWI
CURRENT_PRICE: $1.18 GET IT N0W!

Before we start with the profile of HYWI we would like to mention something very important: There is a Big PR Campaign starting on Wedday . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in NOW.

About the company:

Hollywood Intermediate provides a proprietary technology of Digital Intermediate services to feature filmmakers for post-production for film mastering and restoration. This technology gives the filmmakers total creative control over the look of their productions. Whether shooting on film or acquiring in HD or SD video, Hollywood Intermediate puts a powerful cluster of digital tools at the director's disposal to achieve stunning results on the big screen. Matchframe Digital Intermediate, a division of Hollywood Intermediate, Inc., packages a full array of post-production services with negative handling expertise and cost-effective 2K digital intermediate and 35mm film out systems. The Digital Intermediate process eliminates current post-production redundancies by creating a single high-resolution master file from which all versions can be made, including all theatrical and High Definition formats. By creating a single master file with resolution higher than the current High D!
efinition broadcast standards, the DI master file enables cinema and television distributors to extract and archive all current and future cinema and television formats including Digital Cinema, Television and High Definition.

Red H0t News:

Hollywood Intermediate, Inc. (HYWI - News), a provider of digital intermediate film mastering services, announced that High Definition preview masters as part of its normal digital intermediate service offerings and workflow.

"Typically, in current post-production workflow, HD dailies masters are edited into high quality preview masters including color timing, dirt removal, opticals and visual effects," said David Waters, Hollywood Intermediate president. "Unfortunately, none of these processes translate to the theatrical release of the film as they must all be duplicated or repeated in either a higher resolution digital format, or photo chemical process."

Hollywood Intermediate gives Motion Picture producers the ability to scan their selected original camera negative at 2k or 4k film resolution, conform a high resolution digital master for theatrical and broadcast release including dirt removal, opticals and visual effects, and output a High Definition preview master to be used for preview screenings and focus groups that can be deployed in any worldwide theater location.

"The challenge for completing the final editorial decisions on a motion picture are balanced between the ability to display the highest resolution picture for a test audience, and the costs and time in having to re-master your film based on a test audience response," said Jim Delany, Hollywood Intermediate COO.

"Hollywood Intermediate offers a flexible alternative to traditional photochemical and video post-production processes for film mastering and preview screenings eliminating cost and time redundancies," said Waters. "We expect our HD preview screening master services to provide crucial workflow efficiencies helping Hollywood Intermediate achieve market growth in the current digital intermediate and high definition marketplace."
</TEXT>
</DOC>

