<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\287\063</DOCNO>
<FROM>yf234kn958@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>o3u@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Professional stocck advice that drives up the profits  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Successful short-term inevstment with insider info
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. stoock recommendations and managing solutions  ..............................................
  The proof of the pudding is in the eating If you believe everything you read, you better not read Never put your tongue on an iceberg All good things come to he who waits  Never choose bedlinen or a wife by candlelight  The Absent are Always Wrong To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding.Life is like a good book, the more you get into it the more it makes sense If in doubt, mumble A fool gives; a wise man takes. 
  Home sweet home Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness. Many people know how to say nothing; few know when A black plum is as sweet as a white. Coin a phraseGood gubby nah ah float ah tap. To listen is to learn, and to understand is to inspire.. Children Have Wide Ears and Long Tongues A gift given in secret soothes anger, and a bribe concealed in the cloak pacifies great wrath. Death is the great leveller Rain ah fall ah roof yuh put barrel fuh ketch am. When in doubt, do nothing 
  The horses of hope gallop, but the asses of experience go slowly It is what is in the mind when sober, that comes out of the mouth when drunk  A good denial, the best point in law.  The Fairest Rose at Last is Withered The stylus is more potent than the claymore. Strike while the.. bug is close. Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy  Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spiders And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me!See Naples and die 
  No man is a hero to his valet Laughter is the best medicine Well done is better than well said Beautiful is not what is beautiful, but what one likes  The early bird catches the wormTalk is cheap Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It If anything can go wrong, it will Better wed over the mixen than over the moor 
  If you would enjoy the fruit, pluck not the flower  A fair exchange is no robbery.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

