<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\281\066</DOCNO>
<FROM>glb6m3.6c4kqtg@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>s46e@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Professional investors explain sstock booming Generate more money with expert info on booming stoccks

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:    $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:     521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.


Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expetced pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Efficient approach to investing from sstock professionals
This stocck is greaatly rrecomended by agressive investorrs in a shhort term. 

Don't loose a chance to eearn. Best performing stoccks analyzed and explained Top-performing stoocks recommended by invesmtent experts 






 ............................
After the storm comes the calm The country is in ruins, and there are still mountains and rivers - japanese proverb Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. Opportunity makes a thief Laughter is the closest distance between two people He who dares wins Big tree fall down, goat bite he leaf. Rats desert a sinking ship. Forewarned is forearmed

outh cut trousers nah ah fit Massa. When two big bottle deh ah table lil one nah business deh. Fax is stranger than fiction. Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices. Dont make love at the garden gate, love is blind but the neighbours aint Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spiders A closed mouth gathers no feet.  Experience is better bought than taught A wise head keeps a still tongue. 

All things are possible with god You can lead a horse to water but.. how?. Shopping is a therapy  Teaching of others teacheth the teacher There is no jollity but hath a smack of folly A wonder lasts but nine days. Better to meet a bear robbed of her cubs than a fool in his folly It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive What a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive A Small Spark Makes a Great Fire. Many are called but few are chosen Ill-gotten gains never prosper If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . A tree never hits an automobile except in self defense. He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard There is no such thing as a free lunch

The first faults are theirs that commit them, the second theirs that permit them Nah every crab hole get crab.	 Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spiders Revenge is sweet A gentle heart is tied with an easy thread.  Too many clicks spoil the browse. Appearances are deceptive  

Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water. My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned Orange yellow but yuh nah know if he sweet. Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich men stomach for their meat Hard work never did anyone any harm  The older the fiddler, the sweeter the tune. Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

