<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\004\061</DOCNO>
<FROM>6370jgc421fl3gcv5z0wt3u@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>ko2l1oa@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
A good beginning makes a good ending. Better die with honor than live with shame 

  Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love. When distrust enters in at the foregate, love goes out at the postern  Too much sit down ah bruck trousers. He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped He who hesitates is lost Football is a game of two halvesNever judge by appearences Every path has its puddle. 
  Well done is better than well said Fair exchange is no robbery  A stitch in time saves nine. A miss is as good as a mr. There is a time to speak and a time to be silent Prevention is better than cureEat well, stay fit, die anyway Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life He who laughs last laughs longest Who keeps company with the wolf will learn how to howl 
  Experience is better bought than taught Love is blind Fall seven times, stand up eight It nah good to shove yuh foot in every stocking. Hunger is the best sauce Virtual reality is its own reward. Abundance, like want, ruins many. His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins. God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves  A good mate is the road map for the spaghetti junction of life. 
  Actions speak louder than words. A worry shared is a worry halved.A short absence quickens love, a long absence kills it. A crowd is not company.  It is easier to get forgiveness than permission  A fool and his money are soon parted. Revenge is sweet There's no fool like an old fool. The old believe everything, the middle aged suspect everything, the young know everything To the victor the spoils A Fool Oct Give a Wise Man Counsel. Better a dry crust with peace and quiet than a house full of feasting, with strife 
  While there is life there is hope He who sups with the devil should have a long spoon Forewarned is forearmed Where there's a will, there's a relative. The more the merrier  One of these day is none of these days. He who laughs last laughs longest Beer before wine is fine Wine before beer makes you feel queer! A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.as wrinkled as an elephant's hide If you wish to be loved, love A fool will laugh when he is drowning. Coin a phrase 
  He who is ABSENT is always in the Wrong Never judge a book by its cover. The first faults are theirs that commit them, the second theirs that permit them Unkissed, unkind Never judge a book by its coverThe first step is the hardest. Lots of people confuse bad management with destiny The pot calls the kettle black. As useful as a chocolate fireguard (or teapot) Pride comes before a fall 
  Lots of people confuse bad management with destiny Let sleeping dogs lie An English Summer, Three Hot Days and a WednderstormThe first step is the hardest Wedey makes the world go around No matter how long a log stays in the water it does not become a crocodile  A good lawyer must be a great liar. Wasteful man money ah guh like butter in de sun. You're never too old to learn. A drop of ink may make a million think. To the victor the spoils  
  The West Wind Always Brings Wet Weather, The East Wind Wet and Cold Together, the South Wind Surely Brings Us Rain, the North Wind Blows It Back Again
</TEXT>
</DOC>

