<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\221\089</DOCNO>
<FROM>g266r5r4fu@zzi0alflsbx.com</FROM>
<TO>khge2i@w8xyfzc.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
H 0 T  S T O C K ALERT - 5q3g.67
A L E R T --  BREAKING MARKET N E W S  R E P O R T --- 5q3g.67 


Company Name: VISION ENERGY GROUP
Lookup: VNGP
Current Price: .20 ( UP 200% from 25 week ago and this is just the begining ) 
Expected: This one is going to grow at a rapid rate.

Business Description: VISION ENERGY GROUP (Other OTC: 5q3g.67 - News) Vision Energy Group, Inc., a development stage company, owns a technology to generate clean power from pressure letdown at the let down control valves in high pressure natural gas transmission lines. This let down recovery system utilizes a waste heat source in combination with let down expansion turbine. The company was founded in 2002 and is based in Marina Del Rey, California.

Overview:

Thousands of small, inexpensive, scattered and environmentally-friendly sources of energy can now be harvested profitably by using Vision Energy.s (VEG) proven cryogenic and pressure let down technologies to capture otherwise wasted sources of power. Our mini-plants are geared either to electrical generation from natural gas pipeline pressures or the manufacture of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from landfill emissions or "stranded" natural gas sources. In both cases sites are close to attractive markets and offer energy at sharply reduced rates. Capital investment for reliable energy can be reduced by more than ten-fold by a mini-plant while also lowering operating costs.


Technology Opportunity:

Since the deregulation of the energy sector the industry has been changed in many ways. Vision Energy has the opportunity to capitalize on the two major expenses which the industry is saddled with, the expense of the extensive power grid (distributing the power) and the inefficiencies in the outdated technology in use. The technologies the industry has employed are outdated and put into service at a time which is very different from the deregulated industry of today.

Vision Energy plans to focus on major gas consumers/electricity producers, who have much to gain from utilizing our technologies and solutions. Our solutions offer on-site production or supplementation of power therefore eliminating the extra cost of transporting the j8ye50t4th9.d84 improvements in technology used to capture extra energy will have a direct relationship to the cost, availability, and the environmental impact of the industry.


WATCH THIS S T O C K GO HIGHER AND HIGHER



-----------------------
Read the tea leaves. There's no time like the present.   Rare as walking on water.  Top of the morning.    Under the weather. A rose is a rose is a rose. Pull it up by the roots. When it rains it pours.   Which came first, the chicken or the egg. Take time to smell the roses. Play a harp before a cow. Up a tree. Worked night and day. She's the apple of my eye.   Root it out. Throw pearls before swine. When pigs fly.  Which came first, the chicken or the egg. Put to bed with a shovel. A place in the sun.   Ugly as a mud fence. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Timber! Seed money. Thick as a brick.  

Rain, rain go away; come again some other day. Spring rain, Fall gold. Pull it up by the roots. Walking on thin ice. That's a real stem winder.   A weed is no more than a flower in disguise.  Sweating blood.   A snail's pace. As uneasy as a cat near water.   Tastes like chicken.   Top of the morning.    Tastes like chicken.   Sturdy as an oak.   Stir up an ant's nest.   What on earth? Water it down.  Stubborn as a mule.   A stick in the mud.   She's a nut.   Sow much, reap much; sow little, reap little. Under the weather. Some like carrots others like cabbage.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

