<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\328\039</DOCNO>
<FROM>06619i95788r6@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8dt2x112@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Key stocck inevstment strategies that increase your profit  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stockk recommendations on short-term trading
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Improve your yearly gains with expert stockk advice  ................................................
  Age before beauty No man is an island Many people know how to say nothing; few know when The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones Be just before you are generous Every man has his priceEveryday is a fresh slate Don't cross your bridges before you come to them. He who laughs last, thinks the slowest! 
  No man is a hero to his valet Where there's smoke, there's.. pollution. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. The first faults are theirs that commit them, the second theirs that permit themNo wind, no waves Beauty without grace is like a hook without bait. . Desperate Diseases Call for Desperate Remedies Common fame is seldom to blame Talk is cheap 
  A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight. Its a dogs life A penny saved is a penny earned, and All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. They that dance must pay the fiddler Seeing is believing Practice makes perfect and Nobody's perfect. Diligence is the mother of good fortune A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. There are two sides to every question War does not always decide who it right but it always decides who is left!Confidence is a plant of slow growth 
  When two big bottle deh ah table lil one nah business deh. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth To have is to hold and to hold is to have An old Ox makes a straight furrow A miss is as good as a mr. Turn the other cheek Dont make love at the garden gate, love is blind but the neighbours aintOld sins cast long shadows  Work expands so as to fill the time available A miss is as good as a mr. Children Have Wide Ears and Long Tongues In Gates we trust. Dah mouth dat man tek fuh court woman, ah de same mouth he ah tek an put she ah door. 
  You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb Where there's a will, there's a relative. A scalded cat fears cold water. The modem is the message.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

