<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\357\094</DOCNO>
<FROM>kfw26ik3puv68@51y928322e.com</FROM>
<TO>08o@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Efficient approach to investing from stoock professionals Efficient market predictions from sttock experts  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.More earning opportunities with expert sttock analysis
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Radar for helping you make sttock market decisions  ........................................
  Flies Come to Feasts Unasked A Deaf Husband and a Blind Wife are Always a Happy Couple. And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed. A squirrel is just a rat with good PR. Where there's a will, there's a relative. It is easier to get forgiveness than permission  Don't count your chickens before they're hatched .Cut your coat according to your cloth As busy as a bee He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day 
  The Best Wine Comes Out of an Old Vessel Books and friends should be few and good Never look a gift horse in the mouth Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fireHappy the bride who.. gets all the presents. Strangers are just friends you have not met yet Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets. Never be afraid to sit awhile and think  Caught between the devil and the deep blue sea . 
  A bad penny always turns up. The end justifies the means Practice makes perfect. He who comes with a story to you will bring two away from you Too many cooks spoil the broth Nothing seems expensive on credit Fortune favours the brave It will all come out in the wash A whistling women and a crowing hen are neither fit for God or men. Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish. Laughter is the best medicineYou are a long time dead 
  Curiosity killed the cat. Accidents happen. Tis better to get things for free, than to work up a sweat  The price of liberty is eternal vigilance Such is the way of an adulterous woman; she eateth, and wipeth her mouth, and saith, I have done no wickedness. The early bird catches the worm, but it is the early worm that gets caught.Wedends are made by many acts - and lost by only one  There are two sides to every question A bad penny always turns up. Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets. 
  When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. Dont teach your grandmother to suck eggs He who plays with fire will get burnt
</TEXT>
</DOC>

