<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\357\095</DOCNO>
<FROM>h4q41d8t30@coie8qb.net</FROM>
<TO>61@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Short-term sstock advice that multiplies income  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Measurements and sstock recommendations from top analysts
Don't loose a chance to earrn 
  with us. Financial analysis and sstock recommendation on sttocks taking off  ...........................................
  Different strokes for different folk  Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish. You can't teach an old dog new tricks. Death is the great leveller Only the wearer knows where the shoe pinches. Time heals all wounds. My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not.Think Much, Speak Little and Write Less A gentleman without an estate is a pudding without suet.  A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. 
  For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life. If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. Though the wound be healed, a scar remains  Sleep is better than medicineLike the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life A constant guest is never welcome. And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives. Necessity is the mother of invention A man is known by the company he keeps. When words are many, sin is not absent, but he who holds his tongue is wise The early worm enjoys a leisurely breakfast  
  The nearer to the church, the farther from God Finders keepers, losers weepers There is illumination at the termination of the subterranean excavation. He who hesitates is lost. He who sups with the devil should have a long spoon Love will find a way Actions speak louder than words. Modulation in all things. Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people There will be rubs in the smoothest road Ignorance is blissIn Gates we trust. A Good Tongue is a Good Weapon. 
  There are two sides to every question After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile  Appearances are deceptive  Justice delayed is justice denied. Chaste makes waste. Stone is heavy and sand a burden, but provocation by a fool is heavier than bothA penny saved is.. not much. Sympathy without relief is like mustard without beef Promises are like babies Easy to make, hard to deliver Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient Caught between a rock and a hard place. 
  Caught between a rock and a hard place. Nah one time a fire mek peas boil. When a fool is silent, he too is counted among the wise
</TEXT>
</DOC>

