<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\361\008</DOCNO>
<FROM>k6vp3lg3sus8@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>286o74g31g@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
sstock market analysis for beneficial cooperation

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:   $0.59
Change: $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:     0.53
Volume change:   521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.


Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Epxected pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Save time and money by using professional stockk advice
This sttock is greeatly recommended by agressive investorss in a short tterm. 
Don't loose a chance to eaarn. Short-term sttock advice that multiplies income Financial analysis and stockk recommendation on sstocks taking off 


 ..................................
erry Nights Make Sorry Days When fortune smiles, embrace her At the end of the game, the King and the pawn go back in the same box Softly, softly, catchee monkey  A leopard cannot change its spots. You do well to believe in God Wedan also believes and trembles To thine own self be true Those who play the game do not see it as clearly as those who watch Let sleeping dogs lie

There are none so blind as those that will not see Christmas comes but once a year, but Hallmark makes sure it lasts three months Time wounds all heels. A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Better late than never You do well to believe in God Wedan also believes and trembles A danger foreseen is half avoided. 
Better late than never A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. Opportunity makes a thief A cat may look at a king. Never judge a book by its cover. A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.  Better to be safe than.. punch a 5th grader. Angry Men Make Themselves a Bed of Nettles Seldom seen, soon forgotten Better to be envied than pitied A man's home is his castle. Laughter is the closest distance between two people Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich men stomach for their meat It is better to wear out than to rust out When yuh deh in bad luck wet paper self ah cut yuh.


en do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry. To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. Life is like a drawing pin - sharp at one end, and flat at the other Strike while the iron is hot Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity. The bigger the better. The company makes the feast He who does not honour his wife dishonours himself Murder will out 

Fools and madmen speak the truth Ignorance is bliss In the coldest flint there is hot fire Good talk saves the food A good beginning makes a good ending. He who drinks Australian Thinks Australian Idle people lack no excuses
</TEXT>
</DOC>

