<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\001\005</DOCNO>
<FROM>9hr3.zl4vd3n2@cf794ydydhrh5.net</FROM>
<TO>xt37e5e57849wn@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Unbiased sstock info and valuable insider data

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price: $0.59
Change: $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:    521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expecetd prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! Top sttock tips from seasoned sttock analysts
This sttock is greatlly recommended by agressive investorss in a short tterm. 

Don't loose a chance to eaarn. stoock coverage highlighting booming markets Booming sttock markets explained with ready strategies 





 ............................
The fish will soon be caught, that nibbles at every bait If the wind will not serve, take to the oars Seldom seen, soon forgotten Love conquers all When Adam delved and Eve span, who was then the gentleman Practice makes perfect The more one knows, the less one believes
The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit  The Gods Send Nuts to those who have no Teeth Men are from earth Women are from earth Deal with it  If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . If the Blind Lead the Blind, Both Shall Fall Into the Ditch Lookers on see most of the game Under the thorn grow the roses  

As you make your bed, so must you lie in it Love is blind. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks. A Fool Oct Give a Wise Man Counsel. One mans meat is another mans poison! Hasty climbers have sudden falls Gie yer tongue mair holidays nor yer heid  He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son  Love makes the world go round Goodness is better than beauty Actions speak louder than words. Yuh can't fatten cow fuh another man butcher.	 It takes all sorts to make a world

A leopard cannot change its spots. But her end is bitter as wormwood, sharp as a two-edged sword. All things come to those who wait No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness  Many hands make light work Beauty is only skin deep Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness 
Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  After the storm comes the calm If you get a good wife you will be happy, if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher  Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails Laughter is the closest distance between two people Business before pleasure Boys will be boys To deceive oneself is very easy
</TEXT>
</DOC>

