<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\216\041</DOCNO>
<FROM>ubw38npk411j4eet2@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>mu5m402o@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Dead men tell no tales Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. 

  Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Baby who ah cry ah house and ah door ah same thing. Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers See Naples and die Pain is temporary, victory is forever I have found at my age going bra-less pulls all the wrinkles out of my face.  Laughter is the closest distance between two people 
  Shopping is a therapy  Empty sacks will never stand upright If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride The more one knows, the less one believes The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit  The company makes the feastRed sky at night shepherds delight,red sky in the morning,shepherds warning For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life. Gut No Fish Till You Get Them Never murder a man who is committing suicide 
  The devil tempts all, but the idle man tempts the devil You cant hurry love  What goes up must come downThey that dance must pay the fiddler If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. You are never a loser till you quit trying And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof. Better a meal of vegetables where there is love than a fattened calf with hatred  Give credit where credit is due 
  To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart Different strokes for different folk  Two heads are better than one Turtle nah want trouble mek he walk with he house pon he back. Silence is golden. He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son  Never the twain shall meet  Mind your own businessFor they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. 
  Give and spend and God will send Children Have Wide Ears and Long Tongues Love conquers all You cannot lose what you never had Vex nah gat plaster fuh passion. Great groups from little icons grow. A constant guest is never welcome. Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. Eat well, stay fit, die anywayBetter wed over the mixen than over the moor And have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me! 
  My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother. Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again.  The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel.Keep your friends close but your enemies closer Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Every best friend get a next best friend. Never look a gift horse in the mouth A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
  Good things come in small packages. Unkissed, unkind If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride Dont make love at the garden gate, love is blind but the neighbours aintDiscretion is the better part of valour Clothes make a man A house is not a home.  Youth nah ah weary but he ah fall down. Know what to expect before you connect. If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. Better to be lowly in spirit and among the oppressed than to share plunder with the proud In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King 
  Things that come to those who wait may be things left by those who got there first  When the wine is in, the wit is out
</TEXT>
</DOC>

