<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\247\042</DOCNO>
<FROM>p500pe32y5u1fl0@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>jqu8z984@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Never judge someone until you have travelled a mile in their shoes 

  Keep your friends close but your enemies closer My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  Doubt is the beginning of wisdom. The road to hell is paved with good intentions Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. It is nice to be important but it is more important to be nice You cannot lose what you never had No man is wise at all times Caught between a rock and a hard place. Prevention is better than cure. 
  They that walk much in the sun will be tanned at last Do as you would be done by A spy with flatulence will always blow his cover. Revenge is a dish best served cold The more one knows, the less one believes A short absence quickens love, a long absence kills it. as dry as chapped lipsNever play leapfrog with a unicorn  Mind your own business My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path. A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day. How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? 
  It ain't over 'till it's over. You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar Ill-gotten gains never prosper Children Have Wide Ears and Long TonguesOne beats the bush, another takes the bird Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from a friends forehead Facts are stubborn things If Fortune calls, offer him a seat  A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
  Murder will out To listen is to learn, and to understand is to inspire..A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth. The darkest hour is just before dawn Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. Bread is the staff of life Abundance, like want, ruins many. So he that goeth in to his neighbour's wife; whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent. Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me. It will all come right in the washPeople living in glass houses should not!. 
  Fall seven times, stand up eight  A new broom sweeps clean, but the old brush knows all the corners.  Never look a gift horse in the mouth He Is Rich Enough That Wants Nothing Too many clicks spoil the browse  A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth. Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved See Naples and die Where there's a will, there's a way. The Family That Prays Together Stays TogetherLook good, feel good Contributed by Charon Muck, 25 Oct 2000  He will not regard any ransom; neither will he rest content, though thou givest many gifts. 
  Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance A watched pot never boils. If you believe everything you read, you better not read Its a dogs lifeIf you wish to be loved, love Past cure, past care Facts are stubborn things Great oaks from little acorns grow A gift given in secret soothes anger, and a bribe concealed in the cloak pacifies great wrath. 
  All are not cooks that walk with long knives Turtle nah want trouble mek he walk with he house pon he back. Quickly come, quickly goHard work never did anyone any harm  We had nothing to do and we did it very well  Better die with honor than live with shame The geek shall inherit the earth. All lay loads on a willing horse! One mans meat is another mans poison! Many hands make light work Every little helps 
  Smile and the world smiles with you, snore and you sleep alone
</TEXT>
</DOC>

