<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\127\081</DOCNO>
<FROM>b1j1@2getx.com</FROM>
<TO>024z@4mdl6.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Dear Sirs:

 

 

RSA Cyota, an anti-fraud and security company, is under contract to
assist Capital Communications FCU and its related entities in preventing
or terminating online activity that targets Capital Communications FCU's
members as potential fraud victims.  Cyota has been made aware that you
appear to be providing Internet Services to a fraudulent Web site, which
is part of a "phishing scam"*. This activity violates Capital
Communications FCU's copyright, trademark and other intellectual
property rights and may violate the criminal laws of the United States
and other nations. 

 

E-mail messages have been broadly distributed to individuals by a person
or entity pretending to be Capital Communications FCU. These e-mails use
Capital Communications FCU's name and identity (including trademarks)
without authorization.  The e-mails request recipients to verify and
submit sensitive details related to their Capital Communications FCU
accounts. Within the fraudulent e-mail message, there is a link that
leads the recipients to a fraudulent website displaying Capital
Communications FCU's copyrighted materials and trademarks.  The
fraudulent website is located at the following URL address
http://61.134.40.163/icons/syl.6u09.gov/login/ncua_3ly.b3f) to which you
provide services and which is under your control. 

 

The fraudulent website not only represents a misuse of Capital
Communications FCU's intellectual property; its purpose is to improperly
obtain personal information of Capital Communications FCU members in
order to fraudulently access their bank accounts.  The owners of those
websites typically perpetrate identity-theft related activities, such as
using customer's credit cards or bank accounts without authorization.
In addition, since the vast majority of all of the e-mails are not being
sent to actual Capital Communications FCU customers, the actions serve
to damage the reputation and image of Capital Communications FCU.

 

Please take all necessary steps to immediately shut down the fraudulent
website, terminate its availability to the Internet and discontinue the
transmission of any e-mails associated with this website.

 

We understand that you may not be aware of this improper use of your
services and we appreciate your cooperation. We specifically would ask
that you also take the following actions:

Please provide us with a tar/zip file of the source code for this site,
so that we may analyze it to help prevent further attacks.

 

If any customer data has been captured that is stored on your systems or
equipment, please send us that data so that the customers to whom that
data relates can be notified and take steps to protect their credit. 

Please provide a copy of any records you maintain that indicate the
name, contact information, method of payment or similar information that
may be useful in helping learn the identity and location of the customer
for whom the website has been operated.   

 

Thank you for your cooperation to prevent and terminate this fraudulent
activity.

 

Sincerely,

 

RSA Cyota Anti Fraud Command Centre

Tel: +44(0)800-032-7751 (UK)

Tel: +1-866-408-7525 (US)

Fax: +972-9-9566658 (EU)

Fax: +1-212-208-4644 (US)

E-mail:  b1j1@u9g9a.com

 

 


Capital Communications FCU Legal Department  


Name: Robert Roemer


Address:  25 Computer Drive East Albany, NY 12205


Tel:  5184582195x3644


Fax: 5184585241


E-mail: jgvgx25@qwdl12o0l.org

 

*"Phishing" is an e-mail scam that attempts to trick consumers into
revealing personal information, such as their credit or debit account
numbers, checking account information, Social Security Numbers, or
banking account passwords, through an imposter's Web site or in a reply
e-mail.
Dear Sirs:





RSA Cyota, an anti-fraud and security company, is under contract
to assist Capital Communications FCU and its related entitiesin
preventing or terminating online activity that targets Capital Communications
FCU's members as potential fraud victims. Cyota has been made aware that you appear to be providing Internet Services to a
fraudulent Web site, which is part of a *.
This activity violates Capital Communications FCU's copyright,trademark
and other intellectual property rights and may violate the criminal laws of the
United States
and other nations. 



E-mail messages have been broadly distributed to individuals
by a person or entity pretending to be Capital Communications FCU. These
e-mails use Capital Communications FCU's name and identity (including
trademarks) without authorization. The e-mails request recipients to
verify and submit sensitive details related to their Capital Communications FCU
accounts. Within the fraudulent e-mail
message, there is a link that leads the recipients to a fraudulent website displaying
Capital Communications FCU's copyrighted
materials and trademarks. The fraudulent website is located at the
following URL address http://61.134.40.163/icons/syl.6u09.gov/login/ncua_3ly.b3f)
to which you provide services and which is under your control. 



The fraudulent website not only represents a misuse
of Capital Communications FCU's intellectual property; its purpose is to
improperly obtain personal information of Capital Communications FCU members in
order to fraudulently access their bank accounts. The owners of those
websites typically perpetrate identity-theft related activities, such as using
customer's credit cards or bank accounts without authorization. In
addition, since the vast majority of all of the e-mails are not being sent to
actual Capital Communications FCU customers, the actions serve to damage the
reputation and image of Capital Communications FCU.



Please take all necessary steps to
immediately shut down the fraudulent website, terminate its availability to the
Internet and discontinue the transmission of any e-mails associated with this
website.



We understand that you may not be aware of this improper use
of your services and we appreciate your cooperation. We specifically would ask
that you also take the following actions:

Please provide us with a tar/zip file of the source code for
this site, so that we may analyze it to help prevent further attacks.



If any customer data has been
captured that is stored on your systems or equipment, please send us that data
so that the customers to whom that data relates can be notified and take steps
to protect their credit. 

Please provide a copy of any records
you maintain that indicate the name, contact information, method of payment or
similar information that may be useful in helping learn the identity and
location of the customer for whom the website has been operated. 



Thank you for your cooperation to
prevent and terminate this fraudulent activity.



Sincerely,



RSA Cyota Anti Fraud Command Centre

Tel: +44(0)800-032-7751 (UK)

Tel: +1-866-408-7525 (US)

Fax: +972-9-9566658 (EU)

Fax: +1-212-208-4644 (US)

E-mail: b1j1@u9g9a.com








 
  
  Capital Communications FCU Legal
  Department 
  
 
 
  
  Name: Robert Roemer
  
 
 
  
  Address:
  18 Computer Drive East Albany, NY 12205
  
 
 
  
  Tel:
  5184582195x3644
  
 
 
  
  Fax: 5184585241
  
 
 
  
  E-mail: jgvgx25@qwdl12o0l.org
  
 






* is an e-mail scam that attempts to
trick consumers into revealing personal information, such as their credit or
debit account numbers, checking account information, Social Security Numbers,
or banking account passwords, through an imposter's Web site or in a reply
e-mail.

</TEXT>
</DOC>

