<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\059\055</DOCNO>
<FROM>48o76404b20@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>1m9x632c@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Eliminate stockk risk with professional advice and patterns

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Epxected pirce at the end of the week: $1.7! Expert sstock suggestions and recommendations

Don't loose a chance to eaarn with us. investmnet time frames, sttock recommendations and highlights sstock market analysis for beneficial cooperation 






 .......................
One foolish sheep will lead the flock What goes around, comes around  Red sky at night shepherds delight,red sky in the morning,shepherds warning Divide and rule A friend is not so soon gotten as lost. You cannot lose what you never had God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  A fool will laugh when he is drowning. Discretion is the better part of valour Common fame is seldom to blame

You cant hurry love  A disposition towards inquiry deprived the feline of its vital state. Experience is a wonderful thing It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again  No man is an island We had nothing to do and we did it very well  Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. Blethers say nought Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  
Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house. In the land of hope there is never any winter A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. There is always some madness in love But there is also always some reason in madness  Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel. Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth. If you get it overnight, you can lose it just as quick  The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence Civility costs nothing Better to meet a bear robbed of her cubs than a fool in his folly as strong as love Patience is a virtue Do not search for a calf under an ox  Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  Righteousness exalts a nation but sin is a disgrace to any people  Cheats never prosper


If cow-man pass wild meat whah mek me must pick up am. Christmas comes but once a year Marry in haste, and repent at leisure If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?. Look good, feel good Talk is cheap 

When you live in the past, it costs you the present  He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. Stir With a Knife, Stir Up Strife A penny saved is.. not much. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese Daddies know best
</TEXT>
</DOC>

