<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\298\012</DOCNO>
<FROM>0cb14edl4630x855@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>66489x@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
When yuh play out all yuh trump cards yuh gat to lose till game done. 

  Take a hair of the dog that bit you He that plants a tree plants for posterity None so deaf as those who will not hear  You cant hurry love  Keep your friends close but your enemies closer Like music to my ears Never put off til tomorrow what you can do todayEvery Soldier has the Baton of a Field Marshal in his Knapsack A friend in need is a friend indeed. 
  He who makes no mistakes, makes nothing You cant hurry love  For every action, there is an equal and opposite government program.  One man money mek too much man cry. A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth. Dont teach your grandmother to suck eggsYou can't teach a new mouse old clicks. Lots of people confuse bad management with destiny One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl, four for a boy, five for silver, six for gold seven for a secret not to be sold Eight for heaven nine for hell and ten for the devils own cell A little of what you fancy does you good.  He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes Gie yer tongue mair holidays nor yer heid  
  Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings Virtue is its own reward If you wish to be loved, love Cow deh a pasture he nah remember seh dog and butcher deh till he see am. When coconut fall from tree he can't fasten back.So long as you do your best in life, whatever happens will be for the best The price of greatness is responsibility Nah because dog ah play with yuh he nah bite yuh. Charity begins at home A good name is better than a good face. A picture paints a thousand words. 
  Without wood a fire goes out; without gossip a quarrel dies down Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from a friends foreheadIt is foolish to deal with a fool For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. From the sweetest wine the tartest vinegar A drowning man will clutch at straws. Beer before wine is fine Wine before beer makes you feel queer! Little Strokes Fell Great OaksThe early worm enjoys a leisurely breakfast  
  A soft answer turneth away wrath. There is an exception to every rule A new broom sweeps clean. The Fairest Rose at Last is Withered Things can only get better After dark all cats are leopards Enough is as good as a feast A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood. There will be rubs in the smoothest road Lest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger. Love many, trust few, but always paddle your own canoe 
  Have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac Teaching of others teacheth the teacher The bigger the better. True love is like a teardrop in Niagra falls No good carpenter does get good wuk bench. To keep thee from the evil woman, from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman. All good things come to those who wait. 
  Promises are like babies Easy to make, hard to deliver Better bend than break Grease is the only cure for a hangover Live to the point of tearsMoon ah run till daylight ketch am. Trust is the mother of deceit A friend to all is a friend to none.  Spare the rod and spoil the child A ruler who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain that leaves no crops. The early bird catches the worm When the blind leadeth the blind.. get out of the way. 
  Your day starts with what you say to yourself
</TEXT>
</DOC>

