<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\244\033</DOCNO>
<FROM>hxr3iw03enc3p@6d0h0.p7</FROM>
<TO>gvi1g6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stocck market analysis for beneficial cooperation
  Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!
  Falcon Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: 2wv2.67
  
  Before we start with the profile of 2wv2.67 we would like 
  to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . 
  And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.
  
  Recent News
  VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 9, 2006--Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  (Pinnk Sheeets:2wv2.67 - News) is pleased to announce that it has fully acquired 
  the exploration licenses for five mining properties in the mineral rich region 
  of Wedgolia. Management felt that the opportunity presented by these properties 
  was significant enough to forgo a planned participation by a second resource 
  company. These licenses will be held for a minimum of three years and grant 
  Falcon Energy Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties. 
  Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses are held 
  include: Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well 
  as Fluorite and Uranium.
  
  Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
  
  Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of 
  its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding 
  the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will 
  be forthcoming. 
  Dramatic sttock market movements analyzed by top experts
  
  Conclusion:
  The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies 
  That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar 
  with This. Is 2wv2.67 Poised and Positioned to 
  Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch 
  this One Trade tomorrow! Go 2wv2.67. 
 Professional stoock advice that drives up the profits ....................
  Curiosity killed the cat. It is never too late to be what you might have been  Fine words butter no parsnips  He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes When water throw away ah ground yuh can't pick am up. A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain. Youth nah ah weary but he ah fall down. Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit  Patience is a virtueThey would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof. Life is just a bowl of cherries 
  Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse A stitch in time saves nine. Like music to my ears Life is just a bowl of cherries. Wedlock is a padlockLazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth  Out of sight, out of mind One foolish sheep will lead the flock If you educate a man you educate an individual but if you educate a woman you educate a family  Cut your coat according to your cloth 
  Early to bed and early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy and wise The pen is mightier than the sword. Fair without , false within
</TEXT>
</DOC>

