<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\178\038</DOCNO>
<FROM>pz03y9063023bll94lc5@4s6s826q280xf3va2.com</FROM>
<TO>7jxkd6@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
How many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn't
get your hands on them? Here is a special company that may be 
set to make a move in the near future -- this could be your 
opportunity to be ahead of the curve! 

Click here for more information,
http://syl.4s6s826q280xf3va2.com/cgi-bin/70.li3?par=2020TA||2||financialnewsmail||_





Click here if you no longer wish to get our daily offers

http://syl.4s6s826q280xf3va2.com/cgi-bin/59.li3?par1=2020_||financialnewsmail||7jxkd6@utsc.edu.cn

or mail to

FinancialNewsMail
700 NW Gilman Blvd. #203
Issaquah, WA 98027-5335Readers are Encouraged To View this Report in full HTML Detail; 
      Click Here! 
      Stock Symbol: Click HereCurrent 
      Price: $.255About LPLHA: Click HereFinancial 
      Report Click 
      HereSec Filings Click 
      HereHeadlines Click HereDue 
      Diligence Click 
      Here LocatePLUS On Track to Meet 2005 Growth Targets!
      How many times have you seen issues explode but you couldn't get your 
      hands on them? Here is a special company that may be set to make a move in 
      the near future -- this could be your opportunity to be ahead of the 
      curve! 
      Aggressive investors and traders may be excited about the latest news 
      from LocatePLUS Holdings Corp (OTCBB: LPLHA). Yesterday after the markets 
      closed, the company issued a press release announcing that it has retained 
      the accounting firm of Livingston & Haynes, P.C, CPAs, of Wellesley, 
      Massachusetts, as its auditor. 
      This could be great news for investors in LocatePLUS! Livingston & 
      Haynes has been providing audit, taxation and consulting services to the 
      New England community for over 70 years. LocatePLUS CEO Jon Latorella 
      said, “We are committed to improving shareholder value through a number of 
      ongoing initiatives. These include retaining a prestigious and experienced 
      auditing firm, which we found in Livingston & Haynes. The Livingston 
      & Haynes professional team brings a proven track record in SEC audits 
      and wide array of services to the investment industry. They understand the 
      needs of emerging-growth companies such as ours, and will help ensure we 
      meet the compliance and reporting requirements of a public company. This 
      appointment further supports our goal to graduate to a national stock 
      exchange later this year. We are also on schedule to file our fiscal 2004 
      year-end results on time by March 31, 2005.?
      Investors watch this one! Latorella continued, "In addition to this 
      appointment, we are investing in our infrastructure and R&D to bring 
      new commercial products to market; leveraging our proprietary searching 
      technologies and industry-first data sets to win contracts away from our 
      competitors; and are retaining long-term customer relationships that 
      strengthen our reputation in the industry. These strategies are 
      positioning us for record year of growth in 2005.?
      *** It has come to the attention of Wall Street News Alert (WSNA), that 
      various persons or companies distribute faxes bearing similar names to 
      Wall Street News Alert. Wall Street News Alert is not affiliated with 
      faxes bearing names such as: Wall Street Stock Alert, Wall Street Investor 
      Alert, Wall Street News Alert or any other fax using various combinations 
      of the generic words Wall Street.*** 
      Wall Street News Alert is a division of Wall Street Capital Funding LLC 
      (WSCF). WSCF is not a registered broker/dealer and may not sell, offer to 
      sell or offer to buy any security. WSCF profiles are not a solicitation or 
      recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. An offer to buy or sell 
      can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents from the company 
      offering or selling securities and only in the states and provinces for 
      which they are approved. The material in this release is intended to be 
      strictly informational. The companies that are discussed in this release 
      have not approved the statements made in this release nor approved the 
      timing of this release. All statements and expressions are the sole 
      opinion of WSCF and are subject to change without notice. Information in 
      this release is derived from a variety of sources including that company’s 
      publicly disseminated information, third parties and WSCF research. The 
      accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only 
      as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained. WSCF disclaims any 
      and all liability as to the completeness or accuracy of the information 
      contained and any omissions of material fact in this release. The release 
      may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. It is strongly 
      recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a 
      financial adviser, or a broker-dealer, or a member of any financial 
      regulatory bodies. Investment in the securities of the companies?
      discussed in this release is highly speculative and carries a high degree 
      of risk. WSCF is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or 
      subscribers. Investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion 
      of their investment if they make a purchase in WSCF profiled stocks 
      This profile is not without bias, and is a paid release. WSCF has been 
      compensated for dissemination of company information on behalf of one or 
      more of the companies mentioned in this release. (For present and future 
      services, WSCF has been compensated Twenty-One Thousand Dollars for 
      coverage of LocatePLUS Holdings Corp (OTCBB:LPLHA), by a third party 
      (National Financial Communications Corp), who is non-affiliated and may 
      hold a significant position in the stock, for services provided including 
      dissemination of company information in this release. In 2004, WSCF was 
      compensated for previous services performed for LocatePLUS; for 
      information on that compensation contact us at 
      9b33@ljz0oiv2v3td5u630he.com. WSCF holds no shares of the stock. WSCF may 
      receive shares for extension of its services. Any shares will be disclosed 
      at such time that WSCF is aware of a clients desire to extend the original 
      services. WSCF may have received shares of a company profiled in this 
      release prior to the dissemination of the information in this release. 
      WSCF may immediately sell some or any shares in a profiled company held by 
      WSCF and may have previously sold shares in a profiled company held by 
      WSCF. WSCF’s services for a company may cause the company’s stock price to 
      increase, in which event WSCF would make a profit when it sells its stock 
      in a company. In addition, WSCF’s selling of a company’s stock may have a 
      negative effect on the market price of the stock. 
      This release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning 
      of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E 
      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward-looking 
      statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private 
      Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. "Forward-looking statements" 
      describe future expectations, plans, results, or strategies and are 
      generally preceded by words such as “may? "future", "plan" or "planned", 
      "will" or "should", "expected," "anticipates", "draft", "eventually" or 
      "projected". You are cautioned that such statements are subject to a 
      multitude of risks and uncertainties that could cause future 
      circumstances, events, or results to differ materially from those 
      projected in the forward-looking statements, including the risks that 
      actual results may differ materially from those projected in the 
      forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, and other risks 
      identified in a companies?annual report on Form 10-K or 10-KSB and other 
      filings made by such company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
      You should consider these factors in evaluating the forward-looking 
      statements included herein, and not place undue reliance on such 
      statements. The forward-looking statements in this release are made as of 
      the date hereof and WSCF undertakes no obligation to update such 
      statements. 
                      
          The transmitter of this email is a marketing firm and has no relationship with Wall Street Capital Funding other than as a vendor to deliver Wall Street Capital Funding's newsletter to our network subscribers. The purpose of this advertisement is to provide publicity for the advertised company, its products or services. This advertisement is not a solicitation or recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and does not provide an analysis of the financial position of the company discussed in the email. The transmitter of this email is not a registered investment advisor or broker-dealer. This report is provided as an information service only, and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. The transmitter of this email accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor's reliance on or use of this report. An investment in LPLH is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment. The transmitter of this email has been hired by a third party consultant, and has already received $2,000 for the circulation of financial newsletters for the week of January 25 through February 6, 2005 and will not receive any further compensation. This report contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks, and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For further details concerning these risks and uncertainties, see the SEC filings of LPLH including the company's most recent annual and quarterly reports.
 
        Click here if you no longer wish to get our daily offersor mail toFinancialNewsMail700 NW Gilman Blvd. #203 Issaquah, WA 98027-5335
</TEXT>
</DOC>

