<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\092\081</DOCNO>
<FROM></FROM>
<TO>wgux7z440@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT>乔森礼品-专业的礼品服务伙伴</SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
尊敬的客户您好，
     非常荣幸有机会向您介绍我们的公司。
     北京乔森礼品公司，是一家以礼品采购制作和会展服务策划为主导的多元化商务服务合作伙伴。在礼品采购制作、印刷品设计生产方面, 拓展了  包括商务礼品、促销宣传品、会展赠品、图文设计印刷在内的多项业务。我们拥有一批高素质的专业人才，运用成熟的运作体系、独特的策划方案以及丰富的成功经验。为众多的实力公司提供了优质的商务服务，从而建立了广泛的合作伙伴关系。会展方面主要提供展位特装设计搭建，大型会议活动的策划实施以及商业空间展示等服务。从项目构思、整体设计、绘图制作到全面实施皆可一线完成。
近几年来我们与许多国际、国内知名企业有过成功的合作：
其中包括诺基亚（中国）有限公司、西门子（中国）有限公司、三星电子（中国）公司、北京电信、BEA公司、和讯信息科技、首创网络、新华人寿、福特汽车等知名企业。
     2005年公司的业务又得到了近一步的发展，同时得到了包括中国国药集团药业股份有限公司、普华永道国际公司、施耐德电气、赞同科技发展有限公司、太平洋顶峰投资、携程旅行网等公司的认可及支持，为他们提供了我们的创意产品及个性服务。
真心希望有机会与您合作。从而成为贵公司合作伙伴中的一员。我们深信：客户是生存的空间，创新是发展的动力，服务是成功的灵魂。面对明天，我们的口号是：真诚服务，智慧创新，团队协作，共创未来。    
希望与您合作成功。 谢谢支持！



  顺祝      
             商祺！ 
                                             联系人：王延京
											                                     日期：2006.06              
 　　　　　　
 
                                                
                                         
 北京乔森礼品公司
 电话（Tel）：（010）65586680，81693282
 传真（Fax）：（010）65586680   
 地址（Add）： 北京市朝阳区四惠东通惠家园惠民园6号楼1502室。100025
 邮箱（Email）:qiaosen2005@sohu.com
 阿里巴巴地址： http://china.alibaba.com/company/detail/qiaosengifts.html?keywords=%B1%B1%BE%A9%C7%C7%C9%AD&categ


                                                                                                   
Dear Ladies / Gentlemen,

The Beijing Qiaosen Gift Services Co. (Ltd.) was established in 1999 and together with an expanding Chinese economy it has shown positive growth over the past few years.

The company is a multiple service business venture that specializes in exhibition services, business gifts or promotional items planning and providing. The company has broad experience in layout, design and construction of exhibition displays. We also help companies organize conferences as well as providing business-space display stands. Our services are professionally packaged with the help of our specialized staff, up to date technology, unique ideas and vast experience. The professional staffs from design specialists, account-servicing people, marketing teams, project teams and operation managers whom in charge of various sections on carpentry, studio graphics and AV as well.

In the beginning the company's key function was the supply of promotional merchandise tailored to our customers needs and some of our clients include large enterprises .Our product range now includes over 5000 independently sourced products. Promotional merchandise is our key service and we have a large number of companies on our books with which we have had business dealings in the past.

Conveniently located in ChaoYang district, the central business district of Beijing, We have shown substantial growth in 2003 and have won the praise of many large multinationals such as Siemens, GEMS, Schneider Electric, ABB, Nokia, China National Medicines Corp.Ltd., Pricewaterhouse, GCC, Group Corp., Agree Technology, Peak Pacific Investment Co. Ltd., Ctrip Co.etc.
      
Our Service Steps:
       1) Plan business activities effectively and creatively.
       2) Design and construct exhibition booths and stages.
       3) Organise conferences.
       4) Source business gifts and promotional items.
       5) Offer a comprehensive service tailored to the needs of individual customers.
       6) Provide professional products and services.  
       7) Source and supply a wide range of products.
       8) Our efficiency ensures quality products.
       9) Our products are guaranteed.
10) We ensure timely delivery.

Business gifts and promotional items including: 
       Business products, Daily life products, Travel products, Office stationery,
       Promotional articles, Art & Crafts, Ornaments, Recreation & Entertainment,
       Trophy products, Household appliances, Lighting devices, Radios, Perpetual 
       calendars, Desk decorations, Bags & Briefcases, Clock & Watch series, Leather
       products, Tools, Garments.

Our advantages are as follows:
1. Our knowledge of the domestic markets. We have set up a serving system that makes our business more efficient i.e. designing, processing, purchasing and assembling according to the clients requirements.

2. Our company succeeds in surviving through creativity and quality. We realize the demand for competitively priced quality products and they are designed and produced by reputable companies.

3. We observe government policies, laws and regulations and follow the trade practices whilst adhering to the principle of mutual benefit and honoring the agreements established with our clients. 

4. To cultivate our employees into a competent team that is highly efficient, passionate, creative, good at learning, and full of cooperation spirit. In addition, our employees should have the sense of social responsibility, enterprise honor and self-achievement.

5. To build our unique enterprise culture that is full of time spirit .To advocate integrity & professionalism, cooperation & sharing, and creativity & service. 

6. To possess our own highly recognized brand 



We believe that the client always comes first, creation is our power and perfect service is our soul. Our motto is: Sincere service, client satisfaction, distinct creation and professional team building. Choosing Beijing G & J Exhibition Co.Ltd is the right choice, we will not let you down. 

We look forward to helping you expand your business. Thanks for your attention.



Tel :  (86-010) 65586680,  65581334    
Fax :  (86-010) 65586680
Room 1502, Building 6, Hui MinYuan ，Tong Hui Jia Yuan, Gao Bei Dian, ChaoYang District, Beijing 100025, China
Email：Qiaosen2005@sohu.com尊敬的客户您好，     非常荣幸有机会向您介绍我们的公司。     北京乔森礼品公司，是一家以礼品采购制作和会展服务策划为主导的多元化商务服务合作伙伴。在礼品采购制作、印刷品设计生产方面, 拓展了  包括商务礼品、促销宣传品、会展赠品、图文设计印刷在内的多项业务。我们拥有一批高素质的专业人才，运用成熟的运作体系、独特的策划方案以及丰富的成功经验。为众多的实力公司提供了优质的商务服务，从而建立了广泛的合作伙伴关系。会展方面主要提供展位特装设计搭建，大型会议活动的策划实施以及商业空间展示等服务。从项目构思、整体设计、绘图制作到全面实施皆可一线完成。近几年来我们与许多国际、国内知名企业有过成功的合作：其中包括诺基亚（中国）有限公司、西门子（中国）有限公司、三星电子（中国）公司、北京电信、BEA公司、和讯信息科技、首创网络、新华人寿、福特汽车等知名企业。     2005年公司的业务又得到了近一步的发展，同时得到了包括中国国药集团药业股份有限公司、普华永道国际公司、施耐德电气、赞同科技发展有限公司、太平洋顶峰投资、携程旅行网等公司的认可及支持，为他们提供了我们的创意产品及个性服务。真心希望有机会与您合作。从而成为贵公司合作伙伴中的一员。我们深信：客户是生存的空间，创新是发展的动力，服务是成功的灵魂。面对明天，我们的口号是：真诚服务，智慧创新，团队协作，共创未来。    希望与您合作成功。 谢谢支持！  顺祝                   商祺！                                              联系人：王延京											                                     日期：2006.06               　　　　　　                                                                                           北京乔森礼品公司 电话（Tel）：（010）65586680，81693282 传真（Fax）：（010）65586680    地址（Add）： 北京市朝阳区四惠东通惠家园惠民园6号楼1502室。100025 邮箱（Email）:qiaosen2005@sohu.com 阿里巴巴地址： http://china.alibaba.com/company/detail/qiaosengifts.html?keywords=%B1%B1%BE%A9%C7%C7%C9%AD&categ                                                                                                   Dear Ladies / Gentlemen,The Beijing Qiaosen Gift Services Co. (Ltd.) was established in 1999 and together with an expanding Chinese economy it has shown positive growth over the past few years.The company is a multiple service business venture that specializes in exhibition services, business gifts or promotional items planning and providing. The company has broad experience in layout, design and construction of exhibition displays. We also help companies organize conferences as well as providing business-space display stands. Our services are professionally packaged with the help of our specialized staff, up to date technology, unique ideas and vast experience. The professional staffs from design specialists, account-servicing people, marketing teams, project teams and operation managers whom in charge of various sections on carpentry, studio graphics and AV as well.In the beginning the company's key function was the supply of promotional merchandise tailored to our customers needs and some of our clients include large enterprises .Our product range now includes over 5000 independently sourced products. Promotional merchandise is our key service and we have a large number of companies on our books with which we have had business dealings in the past.Conveniently located in ChaoYang district, the central business district of Beijing, We have shown substantial growth in 2003 and have won the praise of many large multinationals such as Siemens, GEMS, Schneider Electric, ABB, Nokia, China National Medicines Corp.Ltd., Pricewaterhouse, GCC, Group Corp., Agree Technology, Peak Pacific Investment Co. Ltd., Ctrip Co.etc.      Our Service Steps:       1) Plan business activities effectively and creatively.       2) Design and construct exhibition booths and stages.       3) Organise conferences.       4) Source business gifts and promotional items.       5) Offer a comprehensive service tailored to the needs of individual customers.       6) Provide professional products and services.         7) Source and supply a wide range of products.       8) Our efficiency ensures quality products.       9) Our products are guaranteed.10) We ensure timely delivery.Business gifts and promotional items including:        Business products, Daily life products, Travel products, Office stationery,       Promotional articles, Art & Crafts, Ornaments, Recreation & Entertainment,       Trophy products, Household appliances, Lighting devices, Radios, Perpetual        calendars, Desk decorations, Bags & Briefcases, Clock & Watch series, Leather       products, Tools, Garments.Our advantages are as follows:1. Our knowledge of the domestic markets. We have set up a serving system that makes our business more efficient i.e. designing, processing, purchasing and assembling according to the clients requirements.2. Our company succeeds in surviving through creativity and quality. We realize the demand for competitively priced quality products and they are designed and produced by reputable companies.3. We observe government policies, laws and regulations and follow the trade practices whilst adhering to the principle of mutual benefit and honoring the agreements established with our clients. 4. To cultivate our employees into a competent team that is highly efficient, passionate, creative, good at learning, and full of cooperation spirit. In addition, our employees should have the sense of social responsibility, enterprise honor and self-achievement.5. To build our unique enterprise culture that is full of time spirit .To advocate integrity & professionalism, cooperation & sharing, and creativity & service. 6. To possess our own highly recognized brand We believe that the client always comes first, creation is our power and perfect service is our soul. Our motto is: Sincere service, client satisfaction, distinct creation and professional team building. Choosing Beijing G & J Exhibition Co.Ltd is the right choice, we will not let you down. We look forward to helping you expand your business. Thanks for your attention.Tel :  (86-010) 65586680,  65581334    Fax :  (86-010) 65586680Room 1502, Building 6, Hui MinYuan ，Tong Hui Jia Yuan, Gao Bei Dian, ChaoYang District, Beijing 100025, ChinaEmail：Qiaosen2005@sohu.com
</TEXT>
</DOC>

