<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\066\056</DOCNO>
<FROM>4d3725q1mbzz9@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>zb4a4a@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
As you shall make your bed, so shall you..........mess it up. Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. 

  How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? You can throw a cat however you want; it always lands on its feet  Beauty and Honesty Seldom Agree A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  Let sleeping dogs lie. You get what you giveA clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.  Smile and the world smiles with you, snore and you sleep alone 
  Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned? A picture paints a thousand words. Fair exchange is no robbery  Quickly come, quickly go One mans loss is another mans gainChristmas comes but once a year, but Hallmark makes sure it lasts three months He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. Fight fire with fire 
  If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. Ask no questions and hear no lies It is never too late to be what you might have been  Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices. Fight truth decay, read the bible To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart  You get what you give People living in glass houses should not!. Rain before seven, fine before eleven  
  Misery loves company He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be HelpedCan a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned? Wise men think alike. God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  Curiosity killed the cat Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich men stomach for their meat Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. An apple a day keeps the doctor at bayBeer before wine is fine Wine before beer makes you feel queer! 
  If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?. Never say die Keep your friends close but your enemies closer Let bygones be bygones The best things come in small packages A lender nor borrower be.  Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house down Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich men stomach for their meatIn the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me. 
  The Gods Send Nuts to those who have no Teeth Might is right Quality is better than quantity  A gossip betrays a confidence, but a trustworthy man keeps a secret. Lean liberty is better than fat slavery My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance. Better an open enemy, than a false friend Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief  One man's meat is another man's poison.. A tidy house holds a bored woman. 
  Anybody can make history Only a great man can write it  Desperate Diseases Call for Desperate Remedies Curses, like chickens, come home to roostToo much sit down ah bruck trousers. Yuh tel tara and tara tell tara. To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart  Life is not all beer and skittles A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall. All good things come to those who wait. When he speaketh fair, believe him not: for there are seven abominations in his heart. Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house down It is in vain to cast your net where there is no fish  Men do not despise a thief, if he steal to satisfy his soul when he is hungry. 
  Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong A lie well stuck to is as good as the truth.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

