<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\279\017</DOCNO>
<FROM>66nmry1k@yahoo.1a</FROM>
<TO>wgux7z440@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Ich habe eine neue E-Mail-Adresse!Ich bin jetzt unter folgender E-Mail-Adresse zu erreichen: 66nmry1k@yahoo.1a

FROM: MRS. TINA SAMEER 

REMITTANCE DIRECTOR; 

Arab National Bank; Saudi Arabia. 

RIYADH - KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA. 

 

Dear Wedend, 

 

It is my humble pleasure to write you this confidential letter irrespective of the fact that you do not know me. Hence, I solicit your strictest confidence in this transaction, this is by virtue of it's nature as being utterly confidential and top secret as I am writing you in confidence for good relationship. My Name is MRS. TINA SAMEER, I am the Director of Foreign Remittance in the Arab National Bank. I have decided to contact you on a business transaction that will be very beneficial to both of us. 

 

During my Auditing of the Bank's Accounts for last month, I came across a very huge sum of money belonging to a deceased person (ABDELDAYEM EL-KHATIB ABDULLAH). An Iraqi Citizen who was among the people that Died during the recent war in Iraq. His death occured was so unfornately because he was an Oil Magnate here in Saudi-Arabia and he has some companies in Iraq because his Family based there. During his visit to Oversee his companies and entire Family in Iraq last year, the recent War started in Iraq and he died along with his Family. Before his Death, he had the sum of US$35Million in a Fixed Deposit Account in this Bank and the Wedey matured since November last year. 

 

Before I made up my mind to contact you, I have concluded every arrangement to ensure that you receive the funds successfully as the next of kin. Also I have put in place necessary machinery for a hitch free transfer of this Wedey to your Bank Account nominate in any part of the world. All I need from you mostly is your trustworthiness, Honesty and good cooperation. Based on that, send me immediately your name, telephone numbers, office or Residential address, company name and Fax number (if any), and your Bank account particulars where the fund will be transferred into for you. Because you shall be officially regarded as the New Beneficiary/ Next of Kin that will be Legally approved as the entitled owner of the US$35Million. As soon as the Wedey is transfered and confirmed into your account, you will be entitled to 30% of the total sum as gratification, while 70% will be for me. Later on, I must invest my 70% in your country based on your advise and you will be the dministr!
 ator of all the investments that I shall have in your country pending when I will resign from the Services of this Bank. 


I have a plan to resign my job upon your receipt of the fund in your account. This sum of US$35M is presently Floating in an account here in this Bank and No one will ever come forward to claim it and according to the Law of my country, at the expiration of Two (2) years the money will revert to the ownership of the State (Government) if nobody applies to claim the fund. This prompted me to contact you. I contacted you because it is against our code of ethics to own and operate foreign accounts and I shall raised all necessary documents in your name which shall legally prove/ confirm you as the actual next of kin to the Former/Late beneficiary. This is simple, I will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the lawyer will prepare the necessary documents for the drafting and notarization of the WILL and obtain the Vital documents and letter of probate/administration in your favour to show that you are the next of kin to the deceased. 

 

There is no risk involved at all, the paperwork for this transaction will be done legally, this will guarantee the successful execution of the transaction. If you are interested, please reply immediately, upon your response, I shall provide you with more details and relevant documents that will help you understand the transaction better. Note that if you are Afraid of Sending me your account information, I suggest that you Open a New Account with Zero Balance (NO MONEY INSIDE) and we shall effectively use it for this transaction provided that it can be able to Accomodate the Funds. I require you to maintain the confidentiality of this ransaction because it is important due to the fact that I am still in active services with the ARAB NATIONAL BANK. 

 

Immediately I recieve your response indicating your interest, I shall send you more details. Remember that your Faithfulness, and Confidentiality is mostly required. 

 

Thanks and regards, 

83w.czmx: MRS. TINA SAMEER 

REMITTANCE DIRECTOR; 

Arab National Bank; Saudi Arabia. 

RIYADH - KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA. 

- ARAB NATIONAL BANK
</TEXT>
</DOC>

