<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\275\079</DOCNO>
<FROM>t7mjo077@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>s46e@4207606.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Earn more with stockk prices going to the roof

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:   $0.59
Change:     $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:    521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expceted pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Unbiased sstock info and valuable insider data
This stocck is greeatly rrecomended by agressive innvestors in a sshort term. 

Don't loose a chance to earrn. Buy sttocks for the short term with expert sttock recommendations Radar for helping you make stoock market decisions 





 .............................
Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. When dog hungry he ah nyam calabash. Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets. Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.  Strike while the.. bug is close. Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong Haste makes waste. A miss is as good as a.. Mr.. One beats the bush, another takes the bird Too many clicks spoil the browse  When the wine is in, the wit is out 


Six of one, half a dozen of the other . It will all come out in the wash So long as you do your best in life, whatever happens will be for the best Quality is better than quantity  Love laughs at the locksmiths Who feels guilty, feels responsible Abundance, like want, ruins many. I pointed out to you the stars and all you saw was the tip of my finger  You only live once Love laughs at the locksmiths 


Baby who ah cry ah house and ah door ah same thing. If a son is uneducated, his dad is to blame One beats the bush, another takes the bird The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese Due to the presence of fools, wise people stand out  If there were no lossers there could be no winners  There's no place like 9ycc.com!. A drowning man will clutch at straws. Accidents happen. The last drop makes the cup run over Blethers say nought You cannot run with the hare and hunt with the hounds Half a loaf is better than none. Good people are scarce Better wed over the mixen than over the moor Fall seven times, stand up eight  Make love not war The first step is the hardest.

Strangers are just friends you have not met yet Two fools in a house are too many A disposition towards inquiry deprived the feline of its vital state. There's a light at the end of the tunnel. Don't count your chickens before they're hatched . The bigger the better. Once in a blue moon Every dog has his day The Devil goes shares in gaming  Pick your friends like you pick your fruit Empty sacks will never stand upright 


No Good Building Without a Good Foundation It takes one day to destroy a house but to build a new one will take months, perhaps years  A good man is hard to find. Cold hands, warm heart  Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers Tongue nah gat teeth but he ah bite fuh true. The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles Different strokes for different folk  For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

