<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\170\024</DOCNO>
<FROM>p1gk1zg27m7ij8u86y0@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>9qtywtf@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Angry Men Make Themselves a Bed of Nettles 

  Do not search for a calf under an ox  Cultivate money and you grow rich, Cultivate mind and you raise culture One, one dutty build dam. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. Time waits for nobody It's always darkest before.. daylight savings time. To deceive oneself is very easyA bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
  Fools build houses, and wise men live in them Lend your money and lose your friend Beggars and borrowers cannot be choosers One of these day is none of these days. You can have too much of a good thing No pain, no gain The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying. More haste less speed Beauty without grace is like a hook without bait. . Better one house spoiled than two When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out of the window  
  Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  Marry in haste, and repent at leisure Misery loves company We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads The Absent are Always Wrong And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof. Don't mind how bird vex, it can't vex with tree. Let sleeping dogs lie Draw Not Your Bow Till the Arrow is Fixed Hard work never did anyone any harm  Charity begins at home 
  Who keeps company with the wolf will learn how to howlEvery family has a skeleton in the cupboard You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb Dont count the days, make the days count! Lucky at cards, unlucky in love The early bird catches the worm A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child. When the student is ready, the master will appear Confession is good for the soul 
  Bread is the staff of life A huge part of real love is constant forgiveness. Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy  History repeats itself The end justifies the means Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fire The pen is mightier than the.. pigs. Never guh a store ah night fuh buy black cloth. Never the twain shall meet Draw Not Your Bow Till the Arrow is Fixed Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing It is a silly fish that is caught twice with the same bait  Greedy folks have long arms  
  If yuh eye nah see, yuh mouth nah must talk. But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil. One, one dutty build dam. In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is KingThe early worm enjoys a leisurely breakfast  You cannot burn the candle at both ends His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins. Your troubles seem larger the longer you look at them 
  Bad news travels fast Coin a phrase C:\ is the root of all directories. Do as you would be done byLil boy nah climb ladder to turn big man. The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit  Hungry nah know bam-by. Shame face ah feel like cent ice. No man is wise at all times  If you are planning for a year - sow rice, if you are planning for a decade - sow trees, if you are planning for a lifetime - educate people Tomorrow never comes If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before. 
  He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard Wasteful man money ah guh like butter in de sun.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

