<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\167\068</DOCNO>
<FROM>22b5fd4ko1i11e@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>85032@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Play successful on skyrocketing stoock markets Consider this insider information before buying stoccks  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Unbiased stocck strategies and information from experts
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. stocck recommendations and managing solutions Insider information that brings about tremendous profits  ...........................................
  Hasty climbers have sudden falls The early bird catches the worm. Birds of a feather flock together. And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed. Lazy hands make a man poor, but diligent hands bring wealth  The early bird catches the worm.When the wine is in, the wit is out  Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids. 
  Practice makes perfect. If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.  A chat has nine lives.. Oh, what a tangled Web site we weave when first we practice. Strangers are just friends you have not met yetA good beginning makes a good ending. A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain. A gift given in secret soothes anger, and a bribe concealed in the cloak pacifies great wrath. Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. No man is an island Hungry nah know bam-by. A good man is hard to find. 
  Out of the frying pan and into the fire . It ain't over 'till it's over. Golden dishes will never turn black  The more one knows, the less one believes God helps those who help themselves Corporations have neither bodies to be punished nor souls to be damned  Abstinence makes the heart go wander.You cannot sell the cow and sup the milk Have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac 
  A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  Do right and fear no man  Rats desert a sinking ship. Beware of Greeks bearing gifts  Common fame is seldom to blameOld fish and young flesh feed men best Confession is good for the soul Many hands make light work It takes two to make a quarrel 
  A picture paints a thousand words. A fool and his money are soon parted. All sunshine makes a desert  A good lawyer must be a great liar.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

