<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\224\002</DOCNO>
<FROM>k01xth02wym3s@hotmail.com</FROM>
<TO>tfg@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
From : Mrs Serena Majata Elsworth & Family Address : United Nation Refugee Camp Swaziland-S/Africa   Attn: The Director.  Dear Sir,  With due honour and respect, my name Mrs. Serena Majata Elsworth, wife to late Engr. Henry Swan Elsworth of Kwekwe Midlands Province of Zimbabwe and former Member of Parliament under Ian Smith's rule. I am from Southwest of Harare while my husband is from Britian nationalized in Zimbabwe before we got married as husband and wife twenty-five years ago. I am written this letter on behalf of my family, though, I do not know you in person but I still maintain my late husbands theory that business is people and contacts. Hence I crave your assistance and urgent attention. Please read the following:  The current war crisis against the farmers going on in my country Zimbabwe from the support of self styled and greedy President Robert Gabriel Mugabe in his envy and greediness to claim all the farms lands for his party !
 members and his followers. My husband Engr. Henry Elsworth, was killed during the crisis against white farmers in Zimbabwe few years ago because of his vehement oppossition and criticism of the land reform in Zimbabwe aimed at completely depriving the white farmers of their lands of decades.    My husband in his goodwill and capacity as the leader of the movement for the survival of farmers in Zimbabwe joined the international community in condemning and speaking out against this uncivilized and bizarre policy of Robert Mugabes government. My late husband been an outspoken to President Robert Mugabe's ruling party describing the president self styled and greedy act as an injustice and unjustified war against fair land ownership by farmers.  President Robert Gabriel Mugabe on the 12th of December 2000 been Wedsday orders his security agents to invaded my husbands grassland cattle ranch farm in Kwekwe Midlands Province of Zimbabwe, they burnt everything in our f!
 arm and made away with a lot of items in my husband's farm,my last s
on Ian was shot but did not die as he was rushed to Harare Clinic while my husband murdered in a cold blood.   After the burial of my husband I and my children moved to Binga Province in Zimbabwe where Mary & Jim of the Oxfam Foundations are providing relief help to all the affected families. We have been living for past three years due to goverment restrictions prevailing us traveling outside the country. My husband before his death told us of one trunk metal box he deposited with a Security and Finance Vault in Swaziland through thier Affiliate Company in Zimbabwe. He said that the metal box contains US$15 Million {American States Dollars} sealed with cotton and gun powder, but that he registered it with the company as family valuables and precious stones to aviod paying of much charges and for security reasons.   Initially, my husband intended to use this money to open another cattle farm in Shiselweni Village near umbuluzi river Swaziland with the help the !
 Swaziland Wedarch King Ngeyaiama Mswati (lll), before he was killied.  Presently, I have just arrived here in Swaziland along with my Son Ian Elsworth and my daugther Faith Yaavani Elsworth, and we have been granted asylum under the protection of United Nation High Commission on refugee. However, I have certisfied the existence of the fund in the finance and security vault with all the appropate documents of the fund in our position as the hier of the fund.   We have the intention of settling and investing here but our hopes was turn down as we were informed that as political asylums, it is against the Swaziland law, asylums seeking (Refugees) in the country to operate an account with any bank or to participate in any financial transaction.   For the above reason we came up with the idea of foriegn investment with the fund outside Kingdom of Swaziland. After reading your profile from your country trade journal we decieded to unfold our investme!
 nt plan to you of which we are convince as to seek for your assistance
 and help from you as a foreign partner to enable us reach a contract joint venture partnership agreement to transfer and invest the fund in a profitable business orientation in your country under long time joint venture partnership as soon as it is cleared from the finance and security vault.   (1) I will offer a 10% reasonable percentage from the total fund as a reward for all your help in transferring of the fund to your care in your country.   (2) I will map out 5% of the total fund to meet up any expences made by both parties during the transaction   (3) To enable us relocate and settle in your country as soon as the fund is successfully transferred to your country.   (4) To reach a long term partnership agreement to entrust the investment in your management.   Kindly regard my contact to you through email as the only alternative I can reach you for the security of the transaction and for further information and proceedures. I strongly believe !
 that associating with you to embark on this and other business venture will derive a huge success hereafter.   Thank you for your understanding and I'm looking forward to having a successful business relationship with you. Please,let honesty and trust is our watchword throughout this transaction.   I anticipate an urgent response from you.    Thanks/Best Regards. Mrs Serena Majata Elsworth   For Elsworth's Family   To lear more on injustice in Zimbabwe please click : http://www.guardian.co.uk/zimbabwe/article/0,2763,411115,00.htm
</TEXT>
</DOC>

