<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\098\037</DOCNO>
<FROM>bjqg22nz0ju4@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>z480iqx@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof. In the coldest flint there is hot fire 

  Love is blind Ill-gotten gains never prosper Judge not that you be not judged There's a black sheep in every flock. Its a wise child that knows its own father Some pork-knockers does only clear track fuh monkey run race.One mans meat is another mans poison! A ruler who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain that leaves no crops. 
  Therefore shall they eat of the fruit of their own way, and be filled with their own devices. Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day  The best things come in small packages You are a long time dead Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you Too many cooks spoil the broth Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit.Fair exchange is no robbery  Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. Don't cross your bridges before you get to them. 
  Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company  Goodness is better than beauty One beats the bush, another takes the bird Wedendship is like money,easier made than keptWhen dog hungry he ah nyam calabash. Where there's a will, there's a way. It takes two to make a quarrel A good lawyer must be a great liar. It never rains, but it pours. Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned? Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit  Caught between a rock and a hard place. 
  Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets.Nothing is certain but death and taxes One of these days is none of these days No one is expected to achieve the impossible A lender nor borrower be.  Its a wise child that knows its own father The pen is mightier than the sword Wise children have short yearsRats desert a sinking ship 
  Better to be safe than sorry Life is one long catwalk Constant dripping wears away the stone Adversity Makes Strange Bedfellows The eyes speak as much as the mouth When Mumma dead family done. But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house. Do not search for a calf under an ox Laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry and.. you have to blow your nose. None so deaf as those who will not hear  Rats desert a sinking ship. The first step is the hardest. 
  Middle age is when broadness of the mind and narrowness of the waist change places  Why bark when you can get a dog to do it  Haste makes waste. A house is not a home.  Yesterday is ashes; tomorrow wood Only today does the fire burn brightlyThere Are No Atheists in Foxholes All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. Mouth cut trousers nah ah fit Massa. What goes up must come down We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain  
  Tailors and writers must mind the fashion If the cap fits, wear it Clothes make a manOut of the mouths of babes and sucklings Everything comes to him who waits In the coldest flint there is hot fire When in Rome, do as the Romans do The difficult we do at once, the impossible takes a little longer  The sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the LORD: but the prayer of the upright is his delight. You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar Divide and rule 
  The bigger they are, the harder they fall  Experience is a wonderful thing It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
</TEXT>
</DOC>

