<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\243\034</DOCNO>
<FROM>w9hragtl0kau67@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>85032@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Detailed sttock market information for beneficial cooperation sttock strategies and tactics explained  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stockk purchase recommendations and short term trading tips
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. stockk purchase recommendations and short term trading tips  ..................................................
  A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. Too many clicks spoil the browse. If you educate a man you educate an individual but if you educate a woman you educate a family  If you are planning for a year - sow rice, if you are planning for a decade - sow trees, if you are planning for a lifetime - educate people United we stand, divided we fall  If yuh finger get sore, nah tek am and throw way. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth All lay loads on a willing horse!Think before you speak All good things must come to an end. Fools and madmen speak the truth 
  Better to be safe than sorry The Best Wine Comes Out of an Old Vessel Lust not after her beauty in thine heart; neither let her take thee with her eyelids.I have found at my age going bra-less pulls all the wrinkles out of my face.  Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow  Beauty without virtue is a flower without perfume There is more than one way to skin a cat Borrowed Garments Never Fit Well One cannot quarrel without an opponent  Better to be lowly in spirit and among the oppressed than to share plunder with the proud 
  A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. It never rains, but it pours. To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world  He who plays with fire will get burnt Too many clicks spoil the browse  Coin a phrase Only fools and horses work  Believe nothing of what you hear, and only half of what you see  Think Much, Speak Little and Write LessHe shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. When Mumma dead family done. 
  Be a good sport - wherever you go  After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile  Every dog has his day The old believe everything, the middle aged suspect everything, the young know everything The best of men are but men at best The pen is mightier than the sword. Yuh can't chew bone with gum.Give a clown a finger and he will take your hand  The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones Hungry nah know bam-by. 
  The best of men are but men at best A miss is as good as a mr. Opportunity seldom knocks twice
</TEXT>
</DOC>

