<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\106\055</DOCNO>
<FROM>0978x5z70wi@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>9410316@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Efficient market predictions from sstock experts  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stocck market highlights and investemnt advice
Don't loose a chance to earnn 
  with us. Follow the professionals with expert stoock advice Top-performing sttocks recommended by invsetment experts  ..................................................
  Like clouds and wind without rain is a man who boasts of gifts he does not give Never say die An old fox is not easily snared The stick is the surest peacemaker He who does not honour his wife dishonours himself If you get a good wife you will be happy, if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher  Its a dogs life Fools rush in where angels fear to treadLest strangers be filled with thy wealth; and thy labours be in the house of a stranger. Contrary breeze ah mek crow and eagle light on one line. A penny saved makes Jack a dull boy. 
  The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is Stir With a Knife, Stir Up Strife Flies Come to Feasts Unasked Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy  Nothing that is worth knowing can be taughtThe grass is always greener on the other side of the fence. There is a skeleton in every cupboard  A ruler who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain that leaves no crops. A dog who attends a flea circus most likely will steal the whole show. Silence is the fence around wisdom 
  Lightning never strikes twice in the same place If yuh finger get sore, nah tek am and throw way. These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him. A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. Turtle can't walk if he nah push he head outa he shell. A person who can smile when things go wrong has found someone to blame it on.  All are not cooks that walk with long knives The tide never goes out so far but it always comes in again  Every dog has his day A rolling stone gathers no moss. You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb Cow deh a pasture he nah remember seh dog and butcher deh till he see am.But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house. When yuh play out all yuh trump cards yuh gat to lose till game done. 
  An apple a day keeps the doctor away  A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. Seldom seen, soon forgotten Every Soldier has the Baton of a Field Marshal in his Knapsack A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. Beauty is only skin deepDead men tell no tales Keep your powder dry  Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people A fool finds no pleasure in understanding but delights in airing his own opinions. Never murder a man who is committing suicide 
  The road to hell is paved with good intentions Cut your coat according to your cloth Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity. Children Have Wide Ears and Long Tongues
</TEXT>
</DOC>

