<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\293\003</DOCNO>
<FROM>990611.gqnw8x@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>lgv4y5o@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Unbiased stocck strategies and information from experts

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:     $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:  521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expetced pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! Detailed sstock market information for beneficial cooperation
This stockk is greatlly recomendeed by agressive investoors in a short teerm. 

Don't loose a chance to earnn. Advanced stocck analysis and profit-boosting techniques 







 .............................
If cow-man pass wild meat whah mek me must pick up am. What goes up must come down Two heads are better than one He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard We do not care of what we have, but we cry when it is lost He who has once burnt his mouth always blows his soup So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly


Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned? Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance Every little helps Out of sight, out of mind Familiarity breeds contempt The early bird catches the worm Love conquers all Rain, Rain, go away, come back another day The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth 


There is an exception to every rule Water that has been begged for does not quench the thirst Constant dripping wears away the stone The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs  Never play leapfrog with a unicorn  A slap on the back is only a few inches away from a kick in the butt. Too much sit down ah bruck trousers. He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is Flies Come to Feasts Unasked Yuh can't chew bone with gum. A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den. Rats desert a sinking ship

What you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It When the wine is in, the wit is out  There's no place like 9ycc.com!. Death pays all debts Ask a silly question and you get a silly answer 

An idle mind is.. the best way to relax. Absence makes the heart go wander. There is no time like the present Birds of a feather flock together. In the land of hope there is never any winter Only knife ah know whah in pumpkin belly.	 One mans loss is another mans gain
</TEXT>
</DOC>

