<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\293\007</DOCNO>
<FROM>ji92.20w4@f773ewp.75</FROM>
<TO>9ugj09@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
ost reliable methods of stoock analysis increasing your bottom line

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:    $0.59
Change:     $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change: 521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.


Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Epxected prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! Current stoock data analyzed by experts for earning more
This stoock is greattly recomendedd by agressive investorrs in a short teerm. 
Don't loose a chance to earnn. Expert stockk analysis and market booming tendencies disclosed stoock movements analyzed to give you winning strategies 







 ...................................
Flies never visit an egg that has no crack  Those who play the game do not see it as clearly as those who watch Cat a ketch rat, but he a teef he massa fish. Confidence is a plant of slow growth Dead men tell no tales For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings. Time wounds all heels.

Don't count your chickens before they're hatched . Wherever you may be let your wind go free Take your time and time will take you  You have to be in it to win it He who plays with fire will get burnt Never say die Hard work never did anyone any harm  Every rope gat two ends. Gut No Fish Till You Get Them 


Too many clicks spoil the browse. Love will find a way You can't teach a new mouse old clicks. The last drop makes the cup run over Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.  A wonder lasts but nine days. Talk is cheap Bad news travels fast Confession is good for the soul A fool at forty is a fool indeed. Handsome is as handsome does Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.


Laughter is the best medicine An old Ox makes a straight furrow Ask a silly question and you get a silly answer Anybody can make history Only a great man can write it  Love is blind Every man has his price Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me. He who rides a tiger is afraid to dismount He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes 


There is no physician like a true friend  Faith will move mountains For by means of a whorish woman a man is brought to a piece of bread: and the adultress will hunt for the precious life. Share and share alike! Time and tide wait for no man Two wrongs may not make a right but three rights make a left
</TEXT>
</DOC>

