<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\109\035</DOCNO>
<FROM>56h5y.922u@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>m6jg3272@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
sttock markets researched in detail for your profit

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:     $0.59
Change:     $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change:  521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expecetd prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! Generate more money with expert info on booming stoccks
This sttock is greattly recoomended by agressive inveestors in a shoort term. 

Don't loose a chance to earrn. Successful stoock recommendation for winning players 







 .............................
A leopard cannot change its spots. Nah put all two foot in river if yuh want see how he deep. A fly will not get into a closed mouth. Desperate Diseases Call for Desperate Remedies The Devil rides upon a fiddlestick A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  You get out of life what you put into it A penny saved is a penny earned, and All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.


Love many, trust few, but always paddle your own canoe A drop of ink may make a million think. A short absence quickens love, a long absence kills it. Strangers are just friends you have not met yet No wind, no waves Tailors and writers must mind the fashion Every Ass Loves to Hear Himself Bray All good things come to those who wait. Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from a friends forehead 


What we see depends mainly on what we look for  She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying. Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers Where there's a will, there's a way. Never look a gift horse in the mouth The horses of hope gallop, but the asses of experience go slowly Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. God defend me from my friends; from my enemies I can defend myself To whom God gives, to him also the people give  A good denial, the best point in law.  Visit your aunt, but not every day of the year Cold hands, warm heart  It takes one bad apple to spoil the barrel! Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love. As safe as houses Rats desert a sinking ship


Seven years nah too much fuh wash speck off ah bird neck. The nearer to the church, the farther from God Wedey makes the world go around The early worm enjoys a leisurely breakfast  Some are wise and some are otherwise You cannot sell the cow and sup the milk When Mumma dead family done. They that dance must pay the fiddler Virtues all agree, but vices fight one another  


Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil. One, one dutty build dam. Never judge a book by its cover. To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity. There is always some madness in love But there is also always some reason in madness  Don't count your chickens before they're hatched . Look before you leap.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

