<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\315\044</DOCNO>
<FROM>970p80jn02g9o4@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>95xy82@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
ake all your stoocks perform top class  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stockk recommendation boosting sstock performance
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Successful short-term invetsment with insider info  ....................................................
  Laughter is the closest distance between two people Dont count the days, make the days count! When you live in the past, it costs you the present  Too many clicks spoil the browse  A fly will not get into a closed mouth. Nothing is certain but death and taxes If you lie down with the dogs, you'll.. stink in the morning. A bad penny always turns up.If Fortune calls, offer him a seat  All sunshine makes a desert  Blue are the hills that are far away 
  A friend is not so soon gotten as lost. All beginning is difficult The first million is the hardest  Every path has its puddle.Age has no friend but the wrinkles of the mind Revenge is a dish best served cold All good things come to he who waits  Ignorance is bliss Nah one time a fire mek peas boil. Great starts make great finishes. Those who play the game do not see it as clearly as those who watch 
  Lightning never strikes twice in the same place Dog buy rum, cow drink am, hog in sty get drunk. Gut No Fish Till You Get Them The trouble with experience is that by the time you have it, you are too old to take advantage of it A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. Sleep is better than medicine He who sups with the devil should have a long spoon Love nature , live lightly One good turn deserves another. Do not praise yourself while going into battle; praise yourself coming out of battleWell Begun is Half Done 
  Beggars and borrowers cannot be choosers Good and quickly seldom meet  Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life When dog hungry he ah nyam calabash. A wonder lasts but nine days.Never eat an oyster unless there is an R in the month See Naples and die Accidents will happen in the best regulated families. In the house of the wise are stores of choice food and oil, but a foolish man devours all he has 
  Angry Men Make Themselves a Bed of Nettles After dark all cats are leopards Bitter pills may have blessed effects See Naples and die
</TEXT>
</DOC>

