<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\095\079</DOCNO>
<FROM>h9d40l457mtll@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>jq1ca1f@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
investemnt guides and stockk recommendations from best analysts  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Professional investors explain sstock booming
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Know where the market is heading with our expert advice  ........................................
  Nothing seems expensive on credit God is Always on the Side of the Big Battalions Everything comes to him who waits Lend your money and lose your friend Visit your aunt, but not every day of the year Without wood a fire goes out; without gossip a quarrel dies down Speak softly and carry a cellular phone. Excess of ceremony shows want of breeding He knows best what good is that has endured evil  Nobody want dutty powder. 
  Under the thorn grow the roses  A drop of ink may make a million think. Good and quickly seldom meet  Chaste makes waste.Nah everything scholar know he learn from teacher. So long as you do your best in life, whatever happens will be for the best If cow-man pass wild meat whah mek me must pick up am. Nah mind how pumpkin vine run, he must dry up one day. Charity covers a multitude of sins Absence makes the heart grow fonder. 
  Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel. The looks ah de pudding is not de taste. Be just before you are generous Forgive and forget Everything must have a beginning Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well. Beauty without grace is like a hook without bait. . The most beautiful women are made for lovers who lack imagination Happy is the bride the sun shines onTo whom God gives, to him also the people give  Too many clicks spoil the browse  
  Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. The truth will out Don't cross your bridges before you come to them. Honesty is the best policy Diligence is the mother of good fortune As useful as a chocolate fireguard (or teapot)Don't cross your bridges before you come to them. We do not care of what we have, but we cry when it is lost If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. When the student is ready, the master will appear  The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel. Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity. 
  Civility costs nothing Different strokes for different folk  Big tree fall down, goat bite he leaf. The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs
</TEXT>
</DOC>

