<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\248\089</DOCNO>
<FROM>5do446nub5vte@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>278j52tkqd3y81@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
sttock movements analyzed to give you winning strategies Earn more on booming stockk markets with expert advice  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Valuable sttock market information including insider data
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Let your trading profits jump with insider stocck info  ...............................................
  Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground  To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion. Actions speak louder than words. No Good Building Without a Good Foundation His own iniquities shall take the wicked himself, and he shall be holden with the cords of his sins. It takes one bad apple to spoil the barrel! It takes two to tangoMother knows best Don't put all your hypes in one home page. 
  It ain't over 'till it's over. You cannot make bricks without straw  Coin a phraseA journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. The devil tempts all, but the idle man tempts the devil People living in glass houses should not!. Never judge by appearences Live and learn  When the wine is in, the wit is out  Pain is so close to pleasure One of these day is none of these days. 
  Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day It takes all sorts to make a world Wedends are made by many acts - and lost by only one  Laughter is the best medicine. After the game, the king and the pawn go into the same box One cannot quarrel without an opponent  United we stand, divided we fall Never make a mountain out of a molehill - The mountain will arrive soon enough  
  Cultivate money and you grow rich, Cultivate mind and you raise culture Every body wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die All the world loves a lover Birds of a feather flock together. Every body wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die The Gods Send Nuts to those who have no TeethLove is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing Better to meet a bear robbed of her cubs than a fool in his folly A fool and his money are soon parted. 
  A Good Example is the Best Sermon. A disposition towards inquiry deprived the feline of its vital state.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

