<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\248\094</DOCNO>
<FROM>u7v9uj07860jr1d4gy@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>uh5pnt02@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Top factors causing sttock booming and revenue increase Let spiking stoocks make your profits skyrocket  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Profit from insider stockk info that makes you win
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. sttock market directions and movements explained Complete sttock research information and recommendations  ..........................................
  The price of greatness is responsibility A positive pessimist is better than a negative optimist. Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in life If yuh nah get wing, nah ah guh a bird sport. Turn you at my reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known my words unto you. Life is not all beer and skittles Rain, Rain, go away, come back another dayBetter to live on a corner of the roof than share a house with a quarrelsome wife He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard Every bush a man night time. 
  Strike while the.. bug is close. They that dance must pay the fiddler Hunger is the best sauce It is better to wear out than to rust outTeachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself Absence makes the heart go wander. But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil. You get what you give Perfection is inperfect 
  Give credit where credit is due Only time will tell A happy heart is better than a full purse.  Different strokes for different folk  Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong Tomorrow never comes He is an ill companion that has a good memory  Love nature , live lightly Any port in a storm From the sweetest wine the tartest vinegarA man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child. A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains. 
  Tomorrow never comes A stitch in time saves nine. Revenge is a dish best served cold From clogs to clogs in only three generations One, one dutty build dam. Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day Due to the presence of fools, wise people stand out  Is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness You never know what you can do until you try  Experience is a wonderful thing It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again  
  A sly rabbit will have three openings to its den. What goes around, comes around
</TEXT>
</DOC>

