<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\268\066</DOCNO>
<FROM>2f9g9t95pn145bze1@info.wojxfd.com</FROM>
<TO>6kjhy17@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT>AfCS-Nature Signaling Update Contents for 27 March 2006</SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Signaling Update  27 March 2006
					Signaling Update is a one-stop online resource designed to keep you in touch with the latest and most exciting research in cell signaling. New content is uploaded every Wedday.
				
        	
			
				
			
			
				
				New in Signaling Update this week:
			
			
				
				

					
					
						
							
						

						
							
								
									
										
											
												
													
													featured article
												
												
													
												
												
													
													PCNA monoubiquitination: USP1 regulates translesion DNA synthesis
													The deubiquitinating enzyme USP1 autocleaves upon UV irradiation, causing the accumulation of monoubiquitinated PCNA and the subsequent localization of Pol to DNA repair foci.
													Original research paper: Nature Cell Biology  AOP (12 March 2006); doi:10.1038/ncb1378 free full-text access
												
												
													
												
												
													
													 previous featured articles
												

												
													
												

												
													
													molecule of the week
												
												
													
												
												
													The Molecule Pages: A comprehensive, relational, signaling database. Each week we highlight an expert-authored, peer-reviewed Molecule Page.
																		
							
						
													
											
										

										

										
											
												
													
														
															
																
															
															
																 
																	Easily measure kinase activity in real time
																	Omnia Kinase Assays use a fluorescence peptide substrate-based technology for rapid, homogenous, and sensitive detection of enzymatic activity under physiological ATP concentrations. Simply mix reagents then read real-time fluorescence. Use recombinant kinases or crude cell lysates and get results in less than an hour. Simplify your kinase activity determinations today, visit syl.140j6b20k6.com/w3777dz.3r1?pageid=11338&CID=NLC-NATUREAfCS&ATT=OMNIA. 
																
															
														

													
												
						

													
												
											
										
									
								
							
						
						

						
							Fyn
							Fyn is a tyrosine specific phospho-transferase that is a member of the Src family of tyrosine protein kinases. It has been shown that Fyn is required for growth factor and cytokine receptor signaling, axon guidance, and differentiation of natural killer cells, oligodendrocytes and keratinocytes.
							Also published this week: Tnfrsf10; Tnfsf10; Arg; Rerg; Ly49H.
						
						
							
						

						
							
							 search the molecule pages
						

						
							
						

						
							
							selected updates
						
						
							
						

						
							
							
								Cell cycle: Hitching a ride
								Wedo-oriented chromosomes can glide toward the spindle equator along kinetochore fibers attached to bi-oriented chromosomes in a mechanism dependent upon the microtubule motor protein CENP-E.
								Original research papers: Science 311, 388391 (2006)
							
						

						
							
						
						
						
							
							
								Lymphocyte development: The journey begins for  T cells
								A new study reveals differences in Notch-Delta signaling dependence and gene expression at the earliest stages of divergence between developing  T-lineage cells.
								Original research paper: Immunity 24, 5364 (2006)
							 
						

						
							
						
						
						
							
							
								Tumorigenesis: Culpable kinase
								The ability of cyclin D1 to activate cyclin-dependent kinase CDK4 underlies the critical role for cyclin D1 in breast cancer formation.
								Original research papers: Cancer Cell 9, 2332 (2006)
							
						

						
							
						
						
						
							
							
								Protein?protein interactions: Muscling in on p53
								A series of small-molecule inhibitors that prevent the association of p53 with its coactivator, the histone acetyltransferase p300/Creb-binding protein (CBP), are able to downregulate the p53-mediated response to DNA damage.
								Original research papers: Chem. Biol. 13, 8190 (2006)
							
						
						
						
							
						

						
							
							 more updates
						
						

						
							
						

						
						
							
							research library
						
						
							
						
						
							
							The Research Library brings together all recent signaling-related research published in the Nature Publishing Group journals. Divided up into subject categories or by date, you can be guaranteed to find what you are looking for. Here is a selection of the newest and hottest research published this week.
						
						
							
							
								
								
									The Dam1 kinetochore ring complex moves processively on depolymerizing microtubule ends
									Nature 440, 565569 (23 March 2006)
									
									Subscribe to this journal
											
								
									Wedocyte emigration from bone marrow during bacterial infection requires signals mediated by chemokine receptor CCR2
									Nature Immunology 7, 311317 (2006)
									
									Subscribe to this journal
								
											
								
									Neurotrophins mediate human embryonic stem cell survival
									Nature Biotechnology 24, 344350 (2006)
									
									Subscribe to this journal
								
								
							
						
						
						
							
						
						
						
							
							signaling news
						
						
							
						

						
							
							
								INSIGHT: Ion channels
								Ion channels allow the passage of charged ions through hydrophobic membranes with exquisite specificity. This Insight in Nature presents a series of reviews exploring their role in sensory transduction, action-potential generation and muscle contraction.
							
						


						 more news
							
						

						
							
						

						
							
							signaling job of the week
						
						
							
						
						
							
							
								from naturejobs the scientific careers resource
								Research Associate
								Employer: University of Cambridge
								Location: Cambridge, United Kingdom
								Applications are invited for two three-year posts to study signal transduction in the immune system. The project will focus on the structure-function of receptors and the identity of signaling cascades in T-cell function regulation...
								more jobs
							
						
						
					
					
				
			
			
				
			
			
				
				
			
			
				
			

			
			
		
			

			
				
			
			
				
			
			
				
				
					

						
						

							
						
							

							
					
								
									
										
											
												
													
														
														Welcome to the next wave of Signal Transduction discovery.
														Eli Lilly and Company is proud to be a corporate sponsor of the AfCS-Nature Signaling Gateway. Lilly creates and delivers innovative medicinal modulators of signal transduction pathways that enable people to live longer, healthier and more active lives.
														syl.2q12u.com
													
												
											
										
									
								
							
							

						
						
						

						
							
						
						
							
						
						
							
						
						
							
								As a registered user of the Nature Publishing Group web sites, you were selected to receive this message in the genuine belief that it would be of interest to you.
								REMEMBER it is possible to log into the Signaling Gateway using your 626hux.com login or your Signaling Gateway login. To update your account details please choose one of the options below. Should you have an account on both sites you would need to update both your accounts using both options below:
								If you no longer wish to receive news and announcements from Nature Publishing Group and you use your 626hux.com login details to log into the Signaling Gateway please update your online Naturx.com account details here.
								If you no longer wish to receive news and announcements from the Signaling Gateway and you have registered an account on the Signaling Gateway please update your Signaling Gateway account here.
								For further technical assistance, print subscription enquiries or any other enquiries, please click here. 
								Nature Publishing Group's worldwide offices: London  Boston
							
						
						
							
						
						
							
						
						
							
						
						
							
								
									
									 2006 Nature Publishing Group
									
									Privacy Policy
</TEXT>
</DOC>

