<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\099\054</DOCNO>
<FROM>pt75gn.41x7@te72fj87z.com</FROM>
<TO>jqu8z984@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Hottest booming stoccks analyzed and recommended

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price: $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:  0.53
Volume change: 521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile
Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."

Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:

The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Exepcted prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! Eliminate stoock risk with professional advice and patterns
This stockk is greaatly recomeended by agressive investtors in a short tterm. 

Don't loose a chance to eearn. Insider information that brings about tremendous profits 





 ........................
Old sins cast long shadows  There but for the grace of God go I  Hear me now therefore, O ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth. Like flogging a dead horse Old habits die hard The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence Better safe than sorry Red sky at night shepherds delight,red sky in the morning,shepherds warning


Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together  Rained on ground hardens (Japanese Proverb) Faint heart never won fair lady Beware of Greeks bearing gifts  Lean liberty is better than fat slavery Half a loaf is better than none. We do not care of what we have, but we cry when it is lost 
A good beginning makes a good ending. A heavy purse gives to a light heart. Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing If me bin know always deh behind de door. The pot calls the kettle black. How long, ye simple ones, will ye love simplicity? and the scorners delight in their scorning, and fools hate knowledge? Patience is a virtue Windows will never cease. He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword  Every step of life is a risk  When distrust enters in at the foregate, love goes out at the postern  Flies never visit an egg that has no crack  A guilty conscience needs no accuser.  Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong God helps those who help themselves Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned?


Ill-gotten gains never prosper Well Begun is Half Done Laugh and the whole world laughs with you, cry and.. you have to blow your nose. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder If you're too open-minded, your brains will fall out. . Speak softly and carry a cellular phone. Familiarity breeds contempt The best of men are but men at best 
Count your blessings Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse. Never stand on the tail of a hedgehog after midnight Yuh can't chew bone with gum. Actions speak louder than words. Too many clicks spoil the browse. A man is known by the company he keeps.  A faithful friend is a medicine for life. An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept
</TEXT>
</DOC>

