<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\332\045</DOCNO>
<FROM>9omxb919ki5@6d0h0.p7</FROM>
<TO>ti3w8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Valuable insider info to boost your trading revenues
  Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!
  Falcon Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: 2wv2.67
  
  Before we start with the profile of 2wv2.67 we would like 
  to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . 
  And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.
  
  Recent News
  VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 9, 2006--Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  (Pinnk Sheeets:2wv2.67 - News) is pleased to announce that it has fully acquired 
  the exploration licenses for five mining properties in the mineral rich region 
  of Wedgolia. Management felt that the opportunity presented by these properties 
  was significant enough to forgo a planned participation by a second resource 
  company. These licenses will be held for a minimum of three years and grant 
  Falcon Energy Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties. 
  Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses are held 
  include: Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well 
  as Fluorite and Uranium.
  
  Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
  
  Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of 
  its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding 
  the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will 
  be forthcoming. 
  Valuable sstock market information including insider data
  
  Conclusion:
  The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies 
  That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar 
  with This. Is 2wv2.67 Poised and Positioned to 
  Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch 
  this One Trade tomorrow! Go 2wv2.67. 
 Let spiking sstocks make your profits skyrocket ...............
  Well Begun is Half Done A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  Look before you leap. In the house of the wise are stores of choice food and oil, but a foolish man devours all he has Two wrongs do not make a right He who dares wins Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house. God helps those who help themselves Dead men tell no tales Who feels guilty, feels responsible Quality is better than quantity  Old habits die hard Lil ah sick, big a get better.Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well. Grow your own dope - plant a man! 
  Belly full behind drunk. A spy with flatulence will always blow his cover. Strike while the.. bug is close. Pain is temporary, victory is forever  A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.  Jack of all trades, master of none A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.Finders keepers, losers weepers Different strokes for different folk  Mind your own business Experience is a wonderful thing It enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again  
  Age is a very high price to pay for maturity When It Rains and the Wed Shines at the Same Time the Devil is Beating his Wife Give and spend and God will send Gluttony kills more than the sword
</TEXT>
</DOC>

