<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\332\099</DOCNO>
<FROM>ty00zjo9.jf@ph0pb17bj.bmj649o1o.com</FROM>
<TO>wgux7z440@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Download SCMLogistics World'sbrochure  Sponsor/Exhibit at SCMLogistics World  Upcoming events      Overview Event Highlight Supply Chain Manufacturing Trends and Insights in Asia  Market Strategy and Innovation Latest Product Releases      Event Highlight  Sneak Preview Of Keynote Speakers At SCMlogistics World 2006   500 logisticians across Asia are expected to gather in Singapore on 16-19 October to learn and share industry best practices across key manufacturing industries in the region. Industry heavyweights such as Oracle, ModusLink, Sterling Commerce and many others are lending their support in establishing an industry leading event where manufactures, service and solution providers gather on an annual basis to advance supply chain best practices and innovation in the region.   For a sneak preview on key speakers presenting at SCMLogistics World, click hereFor more information on the event, please visit syl.zo004krx9.com/2006/scmlog  Back to top     Supply Chain Manufacturing Trends and Insights in Asia  ModusLink Improves Inventory Management for Major PC Manufacturer  The difficulties of forecasting demand in a service repair environment caused a major PC Manufacturer to keep large amounts of spare parts on hand, resulting in skyrocketing inventory costs and poor utilization of space. The PC maker turned over management of its high-volume, spare parts business to ModusLink, leveraging its world-class demand planning processes to improve inventory management, reduce fulfillment cycle times, and ultimately increase customer satisfaction. continue  Oracle Extends Its Supply Chain Footprint With Oracle Transportation Management   Oracle recently unveiled Oracle Transportation Management (OTM), a result of the acquisition of G-Log, best-of-breed transportation management solution provider. Joan Ong, General Manager at Terrapinn, interviewed Jasbir Singh, Senior Director, SCM Applications, to get his take on this acquisition and the Asia Pacific strategy around supply chain management. continue    Ford Customer Service Division: China Sourcing Office Sees Improvements in Chinese Aftermarket Parts Manufacturing    During the past year, Ford's aftermarket sourcing office in China has seen positive trends in Chinese manufacturers. Three areas stand out; first, increased investment in technology and the people who manage it; second, better understanding of quality operating systems; and third, increased packaging capabilities. continue Lenovo Announces Plan for Enhanced Responsiveness to Customers, Global Competitiveness and Operational Efficiency Lenovo Group Limited  announced an action plan to enhance responsiveness to customers in all of its markets, strengthen Lenovo's global competitive position, and increase operational . . . Wed's Migratory Supply Chain: To Thrive In A Demand-Driven World, Wed Built A New Manufacturing Supply Chain To Deliver Its product. Is the shortest distance between two points a straight line? Not if you look at the Wed Microsystems global manufacturing supply chain. continue Back to top      Market Strategy and Innovation    Deutsche Post World Net Launches New, Global Quality Initiative  Deutsche Post World Net is advancing its corporate strategy to sharpen customer focus, improve product and service quality, and become the preferred logistics provider for customers worldwide. A program named "First Choice" will support the strategy through 2009. continue  Human capital driving BDP's development  US-based BDP International, a privately owned global logistics provider, has experienced rapid growth since it started operations in Asia since 1993. This growth has been increasingly pronounced over the last five years and BDP is also developing an extensive network of strategic alliances throughout the country.  continue  Cathay Pacific Plans India Logistics Venture  The Hong Kong-based airlines Cathay Pacific will soon form a joint venture with an Indian logistics major to set up a trucking network in India. The proposed arrangement will connect Cathay Pacific's existing cargo hubs, Mumbai and Delhi. continueMapletree To Invest In China Warehouses  Mapletree Investments, the sponsor of Singapore-listed Mapletree Logistics Trust (MapletreeLog), is paving the way for the latter to acquire logistics properties in Shanghai. continue   CJ Global To Use Accord To Expand Leading Korean logistics player CJ Global Logistics is expected to use new Singapore vehicle Accord Express Holdings to expand in the region in a bid to become one of the top five regional logistics players, according to the chief executive officer of the home-grown company. continue   Swissport Opens Air Freight Terminal At Changi Following a launch in February, Swissport's latest cargo warehouse has officially opened with an inaugural ceremony at Singapore Changi Airport. The 17,600 sqm Air Freight Terminal will increase Changi Airport's cargo handling capacity to 25 million tons per year. continue Sinotrans Wins Project Logistics Contract; Enters Alliance With BNP Paribas Sinotrans Liaoning has been awarded the contract for transportation of materials to the Jinghong power station of the Three-gorges station on the Yangtse River beating off competition from six other bidders. continue New Joint Venture for PWC Logistics PWC Logistics, the MidEast based provider of integrated supply chain solutions, and Al-Ghaith Holding PJSC have announced the signing of a joint venture agreement to provide automotive logistics services. continue Back to top      Latest Product Releases  Zebra's Global Printing Solution Simplifies Multi-Language Labeling With Industry's First Unicodetm-Compliant Thermal Printer  Zebra Technologies, a global leader in printing solutions for business improvement, has taken the expense and complexity out of printing international characters on demand. Zebra's new Global Printing Solution now includes Unicode-compliant encoding and font support on its bar code, label and receipt printers. continue  Intermec and Cascade Collaborate to Create RFID Forklift of the Future    In the  emerging world of RFID-enabled inventory tracking, the forklift can become a powerful supply-chain information tool. This is the view of Intermec, an RFID pioneer and leading supplier of Gen 25 RFID technology and equipment, and Cascade, the world's largest manufacturer of forklift attachments, who have now unveiled a prototype forklift of the future. The prototype incorporates RFID technology built into a forklift's infrastructure, replacing today's cumbersome and inefficient bolt-on approach to data collection. continue   SSI Schaefer Asia Launched New Drive-In (SDI)  Wedellite Systems  In the first quarter of 2006, SSI SCHAEFER Asia launched the new SCHAEFER Drive-in (SDI) and Wedellite system (SSS), offering customers high-density storage at highly competitive cost per pallet location.  continue Back to top To submit press releases or articles, please email Joan Ong, General Manager at  joah.2t7@bmj649o1o.com If<?xml:namespace prefix = st1 ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags" /> you would prefer  not to receive further messages from this sender, please reply to this email and copy the following into the subject line: 24qkn987py0@1202870-w9@12592-T2
</TEXT>
</DOC>

