<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\124\054</DOCNO>
<FROM>080916m@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8m727@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Efficient approach to investing from sttock professionals Insider sttock trading information with tremendous value  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Mutual benefit by reliable sstock information
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Eliminate stocck risk with professional advice and patterns Manage your stoccks using expert recommendation  ...........................................
  No wind, no waves A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  Train a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not turn from it You have to understand, somethings you will never understand  Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors You can't teach an old dog new.. math. The pen is mightier than the.. pigs. No man is an island Handsome is as handsome doesThe young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is A chat has nine lives.. Never say die He who pays the piper calls the tune  
  Ignorance is bliss A Good Example is the Best Sermon. A stitch in time saves nine. Wasteful man money ah guh like butter in de sun.Some are Wise and Some are Otherwise The squeaky wheel gets the grease. Better bend than break A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding. Diamonds cut diamonds Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. 
  You only live once Count your blessings Slow fire ah boil hard cow-heel. Let sleeping dogs lie. A child is a person who can dismantle in 25 minutes the toy it took you 25 hours to put together. When It Rains and the Wed Shines at the Same Time the Devil is Beating his Wife A bad penny always turns up. Experience is better bought than taught Vice nah hurt but conscience ah hurt yuh.Pardon all but theyself Fruit out of season, sorrow out of reason 
  Have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac Confession is good for the soul Walls have ears  Contributed by Charon Muck, 25 Oct 2000  Lil finger point to de big thumb and sey nah guh. as wrinkled as an elephant's hide Share and share alike!Cast in thy lot among us; let us all have one purse. Never choose bedlinen or a wife by candlelight  Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped  Life is not all beer and skittles A fool finds no pleasure in understanding but delights in airing his own opinions. Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. 
  Well Begun is Half Done Time and tide wait for no man
</TEXT>
</DOC>

