<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\172\036</DOCNO>
<FROM>z34pbx925e5ic75@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8cmlqq@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Old fish and young flesh feed men best 

  A new broom sweeps clean. A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. A man that breaks his word bids other be false to him. A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl, four for a boy, five for silver, six for gold seven for a secret not to be sold Eight for heaven nine for hell and ten for the devils own cell All roads lead to Rome God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  The best advice is found on the pillow Remove thy way far from her, and come not nigh the door of her house.A gossips mouth is the devils postbag. Manners maketh man 
  Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity. Do right and fear no man  Adversity Makes Strange Bedfellows If you want a place in the sun, you must leave the shade of the family tree Bitter pills may have blessed effectsCat foot soft but he ah scratch bad. Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  Common fame is seldom to blame Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It Cleanliness is next to Godliness 
  If you lie down with the dogs, you'll.. stink in the morning. He That Teaches Himself has a Fool for his Master No man is wise at all times  No man is wise at all times  If you lie down with dogs you will come up with fleas  Fish ah deh ah watah but nah ah dam tap.Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company  If you get a good wife you will be happy, if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher  Haste makes waste. He is at Ease Who Has Enough A scalded cat fears cold water. The Devil goes shares in gaming  
  Two fools in a house are too many Too many clicks spoil the browse.Love nature , live lightly A man in love is a fool, and an old man in love is the greatest fool of all. Sex takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble  A barking dog never bites. Use soft words and hard arguments The pot calls the kettle black Necessity is the mother of invention. The modem is the message. Fish ah deh ah watah but nah ah dam tap.Never put off til tomorrow what you can do today One man money mek too much man cry. 
  Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom For the commandment is a lamp; and the law is light; and reproofs of instruction are the way of life. It never rains but it pours He who is ABSENT is always in the Wrong If me bin know always deh behind de door. Better to be safe than sorry Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  Actions speak louder than words.Yesterday is ashes; tomorrow wood Only today does the fire burn brightly Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground  
  The longest day must have an end Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together  A man that breaks his word bids other be false to him. All you need is loveKnow which side your bread is buttered  A good lawyer must be a great liar. Night is the Mother of Counsel My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  Dishonest money dwindles away, but he who gathers money little by little makes it grow 
  Be a good sport - wherever you go  Better safe than sorryA stitch in time saves nine. Business before pleasure The faintest ink is more powerful than the strongest memory  The course of true love never did run smooth The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence 
  The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit
</TEXT>
</DOC>

