<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\172\051</DOCNO>
<FROM>5yfyy0w9gu4@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8cmlqq@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
When you become successful in any type of life, there are people who are not contributing to the motion Hatred stirs up dissension, but love covers over all wrongs 

  Nothing is interesting if you are not interested  He who laughs last, thinks the slowest! Never choose bedlinen or a wife by candlelight  Listen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be wise Every body wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die Better bend than break Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept  Every Soldier has the Baton of a Field Marshal in his Knapsack 
  What's good for the goose is good for the gander. My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  A stitch in time saves nine . A closed mouth gathers no feet.  Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Once seen never forgottenThe modem is the message. It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive A bad custom is like a good cake, better broken than kept. A man is judged by his deeds, not by his words. 
  Let the buyer beware Children should be seen and not.. spanked or grounded. Too many cooks spoil the broth Every step of life is a risk  Judge not that you be not judgedLet us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit. In the coldest flint there is hot fire Never choose bedlinen or a wife by candlelight  Opportunity makes a thief 
  Fruit out of season, sorrow out of reason Eat well, stay fit, die anywayA hairy man is a happy man, a hairy wife is a witch. Beauty and Honesty Seldom Agree Never stand on the tail of a hedgehog after midnight It is good to be knowledgeable, but better to be lovable  Honesty is the best policy He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son  You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar When It Rains and the Wed Shines at the Same Time the Devil is Beating his WifeThe horses of hope gallop, but the asses of experience go slowly As busy as a bee 
  The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is Divide and rule No man is a hero to his valet Let the buyer beware Cut your coat according to your cloth One good turn deserves half the blankets An old fox is not easily snared Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt meTime heals all wounds. One mans meat is another mans poison! There is safety in numbers See Naples and die 
  You cannot make bricks without straw  Early to bed and early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy and wise Dead men tell no tales When yuh buy ah dutty calico yuh gat fuh wear am till it tear. Out of the frying pan and into the fire .There is illumination at the termination of the subterranean excavation. To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity. When the blind leadeth the blind.. get out of the way. 
  Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  Seldom seen, soon forgotten Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. Gentle is that gentle does A user and his leisure time are soon parted. Eat well, stay fit, die anyway Middle age is when broadness of the mind and narrowness of the waist change places  The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles A bad custom is like a good cake, better broken than kept. No matter how long a log stays in the water it does not become a crocodile  A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains. A new broom sweeps clean. He is at Ease Who Has Enough 
  Lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life, her ways are moveable, that thou canst not know them. Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails
</TEXT>
</DOC>

