<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\172\059</DOCNO>
<FROM>v243roskr1l8@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>c8054b@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
When the wine is in, the wit is out  

  Seeing is believing Never put your tongue on an iceberg A day of sorrow is longer than a month of joy. A Deaf Husband and a Blind Wife are Always a Happy Couple. Dont make love at the garden gate, love is blind but the neighbours aint Grow your own dope - plant a man! Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fireOpportunity makes a thief Happy the bride who.. gets all the presents. 
  Better a poor man whose walk is blameless than a rich man whose ways are perverse No man is a hero to his valet To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding. Poor men seek meat for their stomach; rich men stomach for their meat Never guh a store ah night fuh buy black cloth.A happy heart is better than a full purse.  Oh, what a tangled Web site we weave when first we practice. Out of the frying pan and into the fire . Home is where you hang your @. She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying. 
  Happy is the bride the sun shines on Past cure, past care A bird can sing with a broken wing, but you cant pluck feathers off a frog. I was almost in all evil in the midst of the congregation and assembly. Honesty is the best policyWhat you see in yourself is what you see in the world What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Fish are no respectors of human boredom, so why go angling Due to the presence of fools, wise people stand out  No one grows old by living; only by losing interest in living 
  When two buffalo fight, it is the grass that gets hurt!Like father, like son Silence is golden. A man's home is his castle. Yuh tel tara and tara tell tara. A miss is as good as a mr. A man is known by the company he keeps.  Might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb .Dont count the days, make the days count! Better a poor man whose walk is blameless than a rich man whose ways are perverse 
  What goes around, comes around  In Gates we trust. When I turned myself over to God, i took my life out the hands of an idiot The truth will out Work expands so as to fill the time available The female of the species is more deadly than the male A cold bitter Christmas, a fat churchyard.Two sides of the same coin. Forbidden fruits create many jams Children Have Wide Ears and Long Tongues 
  A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight. Forbidden fruits create many jams When water throw away ah ground yuh can't pick am up. A Small Spark Makes a Great Fire. Needs must when the devil drives When good cheer is lacking, our friends will be packingAfter the storm comes the calm A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child. Try praying Nothing pleses God more than to hear a strange voice as wrinkled as an elephant's hide The best of men are but men at best 
  Many are called but few are chosen What boots up must come down. But whoso committeth adultery with a woman lacketh understanding: he that doeth it destroyeth his own soul.You cannot lose what you never had A Deaf Husband and a Blind Wife are Always a Happy Couple. You get out of life what you put into it For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance. Cheats never prosper Too many clicks spoil the browse. A chain is no stronger than its weakest link. Home is where the heart is Caught between the devil and the deep blue sea . 
  Is better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Tailors and writers must mind the fashion
</TEXT>
</DOC>

