<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\089\031</DOCNO>
<FROM>72kply0h.61h925o4@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>8dt2x112@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
easurements and stockk recommendations from top analysts

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:    $0.59
Change:  $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:   0.53
Volume change:    521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News
Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.
Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expceted pirce at the end of the week: $1.0! investemnt time frames, sttock recommendations and highlights
This sttock is greatlyy reecomended by agressive inveestors in a shhort term. 

Don't loose a chance to eearn. sttock recommendation boosting sstock performance Efficient approach to investing from stockk professionals 



 ....................................
The road to hell is paved with good intentions Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well. All good things come to those who wait. Cheats never prosper Ignorance is bliss Do not wear out your welcome No husband has ever been shot while doing the dishes.  Never eat an oyster unless there is an R in the month
The road to hell is paved with good intentions Practice what you preach  Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. Make love not war A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it. The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel. Macaw ask parrot if mango ripe, he say one, one. It is in vain to cast your net where there is no fish  It ain't over 'till it's over. 

ake hay while the sun shines One mans meat is another mans poison! He shall die without instruction; and in the greatness of his folly he shall go astray. No good carpenter does get good wuk bench. If in doubt, mumble A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood. As is the gardener, so is the garden  What you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts Love nature , live lightly as soft as velvet Better late than never Blue are the hills that are far away One good turn deserves half the blankets The Devil rides upon a fiddlestick A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. True blue will never stain
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  Moon ah run till daylight ketch am. Every Soldier has the Baton of a Field Marshal in his Knapsack If in doubt, mumble A book holds a house of gold. Always the bridesmaid,never the bride  The last drop makes the cup run over 


When the wine is in, the wit is out  A miss is as good as a mr. Doubt is the beginning of wisdom. Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught Time wounds all heels. Laughter is the closest distance between two people A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  Men are from earth Women are from earth Deal with it  A cat may look at a Queen. Grease is the only cure for a hangover
</TEXT>
</DOC>

