<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\102\027</DOCNO>
<FROM>qyt9q4074700@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>z480iqx@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Rule the climbing stoock markets with insider data Valuable sttock market information including insider data

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Expetced pirce at the end of the week: $1.7! Expert sstock suggestions and recommendations

Don't loose a chance to eaarn with us. Fast and reliable stockk recommendations 






 ................................
The Devil rides upon a fiddlestick Bitter pills may have blessed effects It takes one bad apple to spoil the barrel! It is good to have company in misery Never judge someone until you have travelled a mile in their shoes A friend is not so soon gotten as lost.
Accidents happen. There is no physician like a true friend  To listen is to learn, and to understand is to inspire.. A new broom sweeps clean. A Good Tongue is a Good Weapon. Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance 
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  Genius is an Infinite Capacity for Taking Pains A penny saved is.. not much. For every action, there is an equal and opposite government program.  Hasty climbers have sudden falls Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity  If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together  A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day. Opportunity makes a thief Blessings Are Not Valued Until They Are Gone The pot calls the kettle black In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King Big tree fall down, goat bite he leaf. None but the brave deserve the fair  Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers


God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves  A place for everything and everything in its place. One foolish sheep will lead the flock An ant may well destroy a whole dam  It is in vain to cast your net where there is no fish  One good turn deserves another A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. 
Listen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be wise Don't byte off more than you can view.. To thine own self be true Motivation is what gets you started habit is what keeps you going  Fair without , false within Little Strokes Fell Great Oaks Two things a man should never be angry at: what he can help and what he cannot help
</TEXT>
</DOC>

