<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\023\069</DOCNO>
<FROM>jf2gl2@wq4x4zxa.com</FROM>
<TO>xde9e47@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Application Architect's Guide








 




White Paper: Application Lifecycle







 




The Architecture Journal






 




Special Report: Code Quality









 




Webinar: How to Stop Spam






 




Streamline Your Storage







 




Special Report: Security











Webcast: Improve Your Testing















Special Report: Data Connectivity



 










Automation & Virtualization



 






 




Webcast: Performance Analysis









 














Dear FTPOnline Reader,


We've put together a list of useful development and IT resources from many of the leading and innovative vendors in the industry. 
Please visit these Web sites to find out how their products can make your job easier and faster.



Thanks,

FTPOnline















Isolate and Analyze Performance Problems
                            Is your team struggling to get in-depth visibility into your apps? This Webcast will reveal how Compuware's Vantage Analyzer helps you find the source of .NET and Java performance problems. Attend the live event on March 30, 11am PST. Sign up now!




                  







Reduce Cost and Complexity in Your Java-Based Data Center
                            Applying automation and virtualization to Java-based data center operations can improve IT adaptability, performance, and overall resource utilization. Get details from this special report.





        





Data Connectivity in Enterprise Application Architecture
                            An independent research firm found companies that addressed data connectivity upfront in the development cycle reduced project development costs by 50 percent. Learn more from this special report.





       





Eliminate Defects Early, Improve App Quality
                            Continuous Integrated Testing (CIT) reduces the time it takes to find problems and the cost to fix them. This Webcast will discuss how you can implement CIT to improve your apps. Attend the live event on March 28, 11am PST. Sign up now!





           





SPECIAL REPORT: Security
                            Security is a top priority in any dev shop, but do you have all your bases covered? This FTPOnline Special Report sponsored by Microsoft outlines best practices for formulating and updating your security strategy. Secure your code now!




               





Streamline Your Storage, Protect Your Data
                            Learn how to implement data protection and recovery solutions in your enterprise, and how to streamline your storage environment for better performance and cost effectiveness. Get details from this special report.





            





Webinar: How to Stop Spam
                            What kinds of e-mail threats are most prevalent: Spam attacks? Phishing attacks? Mass-mailer worms? Find out by watching a Webinar on multitier e-mail security. You'll learn how multitier protection can help you stop spam, viruses, and more. Watch the Webinar now.





          





Identify Slow Code and Bottlenecks
                            Use performance analysis data to seek out code that executes slowly and examine the reasons why. Read more in this special report on Code Quality.





         





The Architecture JournalInput for Better Outcomes
                            The Architecture Journal is the first publication devoted to serving the needs of the architecture community. Start your complimentary subscription now. 





            





Enable IT/Business Coordination
                            This executive-level white paper from IDC offers in-depth analysis into the benefits of integrating Application Lifecycle Management and IT Project Portfolio Management capabilities and processes to enable qualitative assessments about project success.Read it now.





          





Database Connectivity for Critical Business Systems
                            Data connectivity is instrumental to the success of your critical systems, which can make or break the success of your company. To learn more, read this Application Architect's Guide.
























	
		
		
	
	
		

2600 South El Camino Real
Suite 300
San Mateo, CA 94403-2332
		
			This message was sent by 
					Fawcette Technical Publications.
				
					Click here to unsubscribe from this newsletter.
Click here to manage your profile.
				Click here
				to view our privacy policy.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

