<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\024\093</DOCNO>
<FROM>050740@r374438.net</FROM>
<TO>0ir4rp@pr6.com</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
H 0 T  S T O C K ALERT - 5q3g.67
A L E R T --  BREAKING MARKET N E W S  R E P O R T --- 5q3g.67 


Company Name: VISION ENERGY GROUP
Lookup: VNGP
Current Price: .20 ( UP 200% from 25 week ago and this is just the begining ) 
Expected: This one is going to grow at a rapid rate.

Business Description: VISION ENERGY GROUP (Other OTC: 5q3g.67 - News) Vision Energy Group, Inc., a development stage company, owns a technology to generate clean power from pressure letdown at the let down control valves in high pressure natural gas transmission lines. This let down recovery system utilizes a waste heat source in combination with let down expansion turbine. The company was founded in 2002 and is based in Marina Del Rey, California.

Overview:

Thousands of small, inexpensive, scattered and environmentally-friendly sources of energy can now be harvested profitably by using Vision Energy.s (VEG) proven cryogenic and pressure let down technologies to capture otherwise wasted sources of power. Our mini-plants are geared either to electrical generation from natural gas pipeline pressures or the manufacture of liquefied natural gas (LNG) from landfill emissions or "stranded" natural gas sources. In both cases sites are close to attractive markets and offer energy at sharply reduced rates. Capital investment for reliable energy can be reduced by more than ten-fold by a mini-plant while also lowering operating costs.


Technology Opportunity:

Since the deregulation of the energy sector the industry has been changed in many ways. Vision Energy has the opportunity to capitalize on the two major expenses which the industry is saddled with, the expense of the extensive power grid (distributing the power) and the inefficiencies in the outdated technology in use. The technologies the industry has employed are outdated and put into service at a time which is very different from the deregulated industry of today.

Vision Energy plans to focus on major gas consumers/electricity producers, who have much to gain from utilizing our technologies and solutions. Our solutions offer on-site production or supplementation of power therefore eliminating the extra cost of transporting the j8ye50t4th9.d84 improvements in technology used to capture extra energy will have a direct relationship to the cost, availability, and the environmental impact of the industry.


WATCH THIS S T O C K GO HIGHER AND HIGHER



-----------------------
Stop, look and listen. Stand your ground. A tree does not move unless there is wind.   Welcome to my garden.  Read the tea leaves. So hungry I could eat a horse. Sick as a dog.   The season of goodwill.   A thing of beauty is a joy forever.   You say potayto, I say potahto. A place in the sun.   Your in hot water. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.  Stop and smell the roses. Weed it out.  Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. There's no time like the present.   Stop, look and listen. Weed 'um and reap. Two peas in a pod.  A thing of beauty is a joy forever.   What goes up must come down. Still waters run deep. You reap what you sow.

Tastes like chicken.   Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow. That's water under the bridge. Still water runs dirty and deep.   Stop, look and listen. When pigs fly.  You throw filth on the living and flowers on the 5h21.o8g a rose on your nose. When we love - we grow.  The stronger the breeze the stronger the trees. Your all washed up. To live from hand to mouth. The scythe ran into a stone. Survival of the fittest.   The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.  Which came first, the chicken or the egg. Put to bed with a shovel. Stone cold sober.   Slow as a snail.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

