<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\081\050</DOCNO>
<FROM>2tk1269e71@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>gu6t76@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Top-performing stoccks recommended by invetsment experts

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Exepcted prcie at the end of the week: $1.7! Rule the climbing stoock markets with insider data

Don't loose a chance to earrn with us. Insider information covering booming stoock markets Hottest booming sttocks analyzed and recommended 





 .............................
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.  Never go to bed on an argument God helps those who help themselves Wedey is the root of all evil  Beggars and borrowers cannot be choosers A bad excuse is better than none.

Every little helps I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh. Laughter is the best medicine. A fool will laugh when he is drowning. Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity  An apple a day keeps the doctor away  Listen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be wise On the Turf all men are equal, and under it  


Actions speak louder than words. When man done suck cane he dash peeling pan ground. Count your blessings Excess of ceremony shows want of breeding  To the victor the spoils  Different strokes for different folk  A huge part of real love is constant forgiveness. Time waits for nobody Nobody want dutty powder. An heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, feet that be swift in running to mischief. Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief  Without rice, even the cleverest housewife cannot cook 
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto the cruel. The Mills of God Grind Slowly, Yet They Grind Exceedingly Small A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.  Never play leapfrog with a unicorn  Spare the rod and spoil the child A helping hand is no farther than at the end of your sleeve.  To know wisdom and instruction; to perceive the words of understanding. If yuh plant plantain yuh can't reap cassava. 
No pain, no gain  Those who cast the votes decide nothing Those who count the votes decide everything  Eat well, stay fit, die anyway No pain, no gain  Have you ever noticed? anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac
</TEXT>
</DOC>

