<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\012\073</DOCNO>
<FROM>vk92b6dczjy9c@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>b06my@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Nah every crab hole get crab.	 

  A friend in need is a friend indeed. Happy is the bride the sun shines on You cannot burn the candle at both ends Like clouds and wind without rain is a man who boasts of gifts he does not give Time and tide wait for no man. It will all come out in the wash Empty sacks will never stand upright Accidents will happen in the best regulated families.No Good Building Without a Good Foundation Two wrongs do not make a right 
  Everyone must row with the oars he has. If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. For the ways of man are before the eyes of the LORD, and he pondereth all his goings. Be a good sport - wherever you go  A crowd is not company.  A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  Fish and cast-net nah friend.One good turn deserves half the blankets Attack is the best form of defence Give credit where credit is due He who hesitates is lost. 
  One good turn deserves half the blankets True love is like a teardrop in Niagra falls  My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  When yuh deh in bad luck wet paper self ah cut yuh. Gentle is that gentle does  They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof.The longest rope has an end A stitch in time saves nine. He who pays the piper calls the tune  Life is one long catwalk We had nothing to do and we did it very well  Enough is as good as a feast  But whoso hearkeneth unto me shall dwell safely, and shall be quiet from fear of evil. And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof. 
  Count your blessings So long as you do your best in life, whatever happens will be for the bestAll things are possible with god Mother knows best Forbidden fruits create many jams You are never a loser till you quit trying Lightning never strikes twice in the same place Its a dogs life And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed.God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. 
  Yuh can't chew bone with gum. Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil. So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. Life is just a bowl of cherries. Half a loaf is better than none. Home is where the heart isas delicate as a baby's eye lashes He Who Keeps Company with the Wolf Will Learn How to Howl 
  There are two sides to every question It is never too late to be what you might have been  As you make your bed, so must you lie in it Two fools in a house are too many He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son If in doubt, mumble They would none of my counsel: they despised all my reproof. Age before beauty The best things in life are free 
  The female of the species is more deadly than the male After a storm comes a calm.He who laughs last laughs longest Nowt so queer as folk! Youth and Old Age Will Never Agree The Best Wine Comes Out of an Old Vessel Fogiveness is the fragrance the violet sheds on the foot that crushed it There's no fool like an old fool. Life is just a bowl of cherries It is what is in the mind when sober, that comes out of the mouth when drunk  For the lips of a strange woman drop as an honeycomb, and her mouth is smoother than oil. The more you get, the more you want 
  Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach him to use the Net and he won't bother you for weeks. The young man thinks the old mans stupid but the old man KNOWS the young man is
</TEXT>
</DOC>

