<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\286\097</DOCNO>
<FROM>f898r899289ku@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>5393g24@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Reliable methods of stocck analysis and optimal buy and sell times Advanced stoock analysis and profit-boosting techniques

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Expecetd prcie at the end of the week: $1.7! Successful short-term invetsment with insider info

Don't loose a chance to earnn with us. inevstment information that helps earning on the stoock market 







 ............................
Time waits for nobody When yuh play out all yuh trump cards yuh gat to lose till game done. Eat well, stay fit, die anyway If you lie down with dogs you will come up with fleas  If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride But if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold; he shall give all the substance of his house. A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight. Don't put all your hypes in one home page. Lil finger point to de big thumb and sey nah guh.
In vino veritas  The pen is mightier than the.. pigs. There is no such thing as a free lunch A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels. Stir With a Knife, Stir Up Strife Waste not, want not The geek shall inherit the earth. Every flow hath its ebb A good tree brings forth good fruit. 

A golden key opens all doors.  Give Neither Counsel Nor Salt till You Are Asked For It All good things come to he who waits  Seldom seen, soon forgotten Love is blind. If you believe everything you read, you better not read Youth nah ah weary but he ah fall down. Love will find a way Honesty is the best policy All are not cooks that walk with long knives A camel is a horse designed by a committee.  The eyes are the window of the soul A good conscience is the best divinity. He is an ill companion that has a good memory  A heavy purse gives to a light heart.


The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder People living in glass houses should not pelt stones. Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  Constant dripping wears away the stone Well done is better than well said As you sow, so shall you reap 


Pardon all but theyself Live to the point of tears A penny always turns up. People living in glass houses should not!. Its a dogs life He who makes no mistakes, makes nothing No wind, no waves
</TEXT>
</DOC>

