<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\235\009</DOCNO>
<FROM>64f4u209b05zkxi@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>6w5g14a8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Be first at the feast, and last at the fight 

  A Growing Youth Has a Wolf in His Belly. Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spiders When yuh dead yuh nah sabee, and when yuh sabee yuh dead. Your troubles seem larger the longer you look at them Hate is like cancer slowly eating us away inside  The stick is the surest peacemaker Age is a very high price to pay for maturity. .To say that a man cannot love one woman at a time is ridiculous It is like saying a musician needs more than one violin to play the same piece of music 
  Cleanliness is next to Godliness After a storm comes a calm. Justice delayed is justice denied. A gentleman without an estate is a pudding without suet.  Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught A wise son brings joy to his father,but a foolish son grief to his mother.Without rice, even the cleverest housewife cannot cook  He who is ABSENT is always in the Wrong On the Turf all men are equal, and under it  He who has once burnt his mouth always blows his soup Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers 
  No man is an island He who laughs last, thinks the slowest! He Who Keeps Company with the Wolf Will Learn How to Howl People living in glass houses should not!.Every cross has its inscriptions What goes up must come down He who hesitates is lost. Tis better to get things for free, than to work up a sweat  
  Well done is better than well said Try praying Nothing pleses God more than to hear a strange voiceEveryone stretches his legs according to the length of his coverlet If you get a good wife you will be happy, if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher  A proverb is a true word. The more the merrier  A stitch in time saves nine. When yuh deh in bad luck wet paper self ah cut yuh. Kill not the goose that lays the golden egg The female of the species is more deadly than the maleFight fire with fire 
  God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King Abundance, like want, ruins many. There is no difference between a wise man and a fool when they fall in love Distance lends enchantment to the view Strike while the iron is hot One of these days is none of these days All that glisters is not gold Let them be only thine own, and not strangers' with thee. Faith will move mountains. Live and let live 
  Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers Revenge is a dish best served cold When water throw away ah ground yuh can't pick am up. Desperate Diseases Call for Desperate Remedies Danger can never be overcome without taking risks  Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell.Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me. Dah mouth dat man tek fuh court woman, ah de same mouth he ah tek an put she ah door. Age before beauty To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion. None but the wearer knows where the shoe pinches 
  Nowt so queer as folk! The King can make a knight, but not a gentleman  Civility costs nothingWindows will never cease. A child is a person who can dismantle in 25 minutes the toy it took you 25 hours to put together. Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers Fair exchange is no robbery  You never know what you can do until you try  Children should be seen and not.. spanked or grounded. 
  God is Always on the Side of the Big Battalions
</TEXT>
</DOC>

