<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\169\053</DOCNO>
<FROM>92unj40o.00@ph0pb17bj.bmj649o1o.com</FROM>
<TO>wgux7z440@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
19 - 25 June 2006, The Hotel Okura, Amsterdam, The Netherlands           Secure your place at the very top of your profession   Register now!Sponsor/Exhibit More info  Website       Become one of the most highly valued biomanufacturing specialists in the industry today  You are looking at an industry defining opportunity; one that will increase your capability, your market value and your company's prospects. The question is, will you seize it, or leave it to others to capitalise upon?  The World's most progressive organisations are already exploiting the full spectrum of bioLOGIC Europe and saving time and money by doing so. The biomanufacturing field is growing and developing dramatically and improvements in manufacturing through alliances and collaborations make global development truly achievable. No organisation in this field can consider moving forward without hearing from the experts at bioLOGIC Europe.  With biologicals becoming a strategic segment of biopharmaceuticals, every person at senior management level is expected to be at the forefront of developments. This has created a unique window of opportunity for you.  Can you compete in the biosimilars market? Are you prepared for increased competition?  With more and more products reaching the end of their patent life, many new companies will be trying to edge their way into the market. Do you have a full understanding of how the process changes can affect the structure and biological activity of these products? By attending the pre-conference briefing you will be better equipped to deal with issues such as this.  If your future profession relies on forward thinking and manufacturing strategies then bioLOGIC Europe is for you  In an increasingly competitive market, you need to be aware of strategies being implemented to improve manufacturing across the industry, how to create an ideal manufacturing facility and how to make the correct investment decisions in order to meet long-term demand. But you also know there is the additional pressure of keeping within your budget - though few appreciate this. Conference day one Wedsday 20th June 2006 encompasses this and much more. Meet the people important to you at the networking boat cruise! If you want to meet your fellow delegates, do business and relax then join us at the networking boat cruise at the end of day one. 90% of people registered so far have also signed up for the boat cruise, you can see how popular this is so don't delay, book now as places are limited. Plus, you also get to view the beautiful canals of Amsterdam, an opportunity too good to miss! Gain excellent networking opportunities with senior level management across this industry  There are many reasons to attend bioLOGIC Europe the up-to-the-minute agenda, top class speakers and our new free site visit* to name but a few. It is also a unique opportunity to broaden your range of contacts across the industry; after all we all know that business moves faster with the right partnerships, alliances and contacts. With speed networking, the 'contact' system and numerous cocktail receptions you will have excellent opportunities to meet the people important to you.    The specialist knowledge and capability at bioLOGIC Europe comes from real industry experts  Experts such as Andrew Sinclair, Co-Founder and Managing Director, BioPharm Services Ltd and Dr Avinoam Kadouri, Chief Executive Offficer, Rainbow Biotechnologies, Chairman, ACTIP, Scientific Advisory Board Member, Sigma-Aldrich / SAFC Biosciences. Avinoam says:   "With my extensive scientific experience in the field of biotechnology, I sincerely believe that the bioLOGIC meeting is an excellent source for stimulating ideas, scientific updates and networking"   Register now: be one of the few to benefit from this world class agenda   bioLOGIC Europe takes place on 19th - 22nd June 2006. Register today to make sure you book your place at the conference that's right for you. You can find more details about the agenda, topic options and conference fees in the enclosed brochure. Alternatively you can view up-to-date event information online at syl.4gqf64eg7p7a8ct5.com/2006/bio_CH or telephone +44 (0)20 7242 2324 and speak to Alison Rawlings.  Every once in a while a window of opportunity to gain a real advantage presents itself. Will you seize it?  Yours Faithfully  Joyce Harmon, Project Director  Places are strictly limited. Therefore, we strongly advise that you respond swiftly to ensure this opportunity is not lost.   * Restrictions apply  7th annual event     Gold sponsors    Silver sponsors    Associate sponsor         Download the conference brochure           Book now and meet your partners at bioLOGIC!   Register now!Sponsor/Exhibit More info  Website If you wish to unsubscribe, please reply to this email and copy the following into the subject line:  I49u6iz4yx35@1202870-w9@12711-T2.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

