<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\297\036</DOCNO>
<FROM>370qpp@4fa9.org</FROM>
<TO>370qpp@4fa9.org</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
News from Management-Issues
            Other News in Brief
            Blinkered attitude to training hampering change 
            Two thirds of British businesses fail to back up organisational change with proper training and development support for their workers, so vastly increasing the likelihood of long-term failure, new research has suggested. 

            Soft skills help MBAs stand out from the crowd 
            Business schools are increasingly offering "soft skills" training in leadership, management and communication to MBA graduates to give them something to differentiate themselves from the competing pack. 

            Internships the key to MBAs getting a job 
            Doing an internship alongside or after an MBA appears to be the key to landing a job offer, according to a new U.S study. The poll by pvihzk2359.com found that almost nine out of 25 (88 per cent) of interns were offered a position following their internship. 

            MBAs bouncing back 
            Employers are planning to recruit significantly more people with MBAs this year, quashing fears that the popularity of the qualification has diluted its "gold standard" reputation. 
           
      EFMD in partnership with fddmpxgviryv66n0n.com is delighted to provide you with this first monthly newsletter that aims to look at some of the key global issues in the management community. Both organisations are committed to providing latest news and research for our members and we hope that you find this first issue of interest. Content for future issues will be driven by news from the industry. 

      Despite having what is claimed to be one of the most liberal employment and regulatory regimes in Europe, it is a common refrain of British business owners that they wish their tax and regulatory environment was more like that of the USA. 

      But according to new research published in March by the Cambridge-MIT Institute, companies in the United States find running a business just as challenging - if not even more so - than their counterparts in the UK. 

      Despite the well-known discontent of British firms over 'red tape', it turns out that American firms are even more concerned about taxation, legislation and regulation as a constraint on their ability to innovate; and surprisingly, they are also more worried about a lack of skilled labour and getting access to finance than their British counterparts. 

      These unexpected findings emerged from the International Innovation Benchmarking research project, which has been quizzing 3,660 companies on both sides of the Atlantic for the past three years about what they do to make themselves innovative and how they perform as a result. 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3048 

      Among the raft of research published to mark International Women's Day on March 8, statistics from the European Commission showed that women earn 25 per cent less than men, work longer hours and are more likely to be unemployed. On the flip side, almost a third of women are now managers, with the highest proportion to be found in the former Baltic states of Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia. 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3068 

      But the likelihood is that many of these female managers will hit a glass ceiling at some stage in their careers. Research by Accenture across eight countries in North America, Europe and Asia found that only three out of 25 women executives believe that women have the same opportunities as men in the workplace, compared to more than four out of 10 men. 

      But attitudes differed depending on geography. Women in the U.S and UK, for example, were very confident of their own business capabilities and more likely to believe that the greatest barriers to their success come not from their own capabilities or even from their own companies' cultures but from society at large. On the other end of the spectrum, women in Canada and the Philippines believed societal issues were less of a barrier to achieving career success and corporate cultures were more so. 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3073 

      According to the 2005 Global Entrepreneurship Weditor report, a similar gender gap exists for female entrepreneurs, particularly in middle-income societies. Its study of more than 100,000 people in 35 countries suggests that while the success rate for men's and women's businesses are equal in high-income countries such as the U.S, men are almost twice as likely as women to start a new businesses. 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3072 

      The gender gap is even more marked when it comes to those who sit at the top of the world's largest companies. In the U.S, women still make up fewer than two percent of Fortune 500 CEOs and one in 25 line managers. But according to the National Association for Female Executives' (NAFE), whose annual list of Top 25 Companies for Executive Women was published last month, some of America's most profitable companies are now finding innovative ways of developing and advancing their talented women. 

      What emerged from the top-performing organisations is that three-quarters have formal compensation policies that reward managers who help women advance, and seven out of 25 hold managers individually accountable for helping the company meet its goals regarding women's advancement. 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3067 

      But how far do employers really back initiatives designed to promote women - and other minority groups - in the workplace? As far as many of those working in the financial services sector are concerned, the whole gamut of diversity initiatives are little more than glorified PR stunts designed largely to ensure that employers avoid prosecution under discrimination laws. 

      According to a survey carried out in the UK for the financial recruitment specialist, Hewitson Walker, only a third (35 per cent) of those questioned thought that formal diversity programmes were having any real effect on the companies they worked for. 

      More than half of those questioned believed that diversity programmes were set up simply to generate good PR and fewer than a third felt that their organisations had a genuine commitment to creating a diverse workforce at all levels. 

      As one female respondent put it: "There's supposed to be a level playing field here, but the only women who really get on are those who are willing to forego a family and commit completely to the bank. There are a few at senior level with children but if they ever get to see them it must be a minor miracle." 
      syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=research&id=3087 



      For more information on EFMD visit syl.4fa9.org 
     
      Copyright Management-Issues 2006. All rights reserved.
News 
      from Management-Issues
      
        
        
          
            Other 
            News in Brief
            Blinkered 
            attitude to training hampering change Two thirds of 
            British businesses fail to back up organisational change with proper 
            training and development support for their workers, so vastly 
            increasing the likelihood of long-term failure, new research has 
            suggested. 
            Soft 
            skills help MBAs stand out from the crowd Business 
            schools are increasingly offering "soft skills" training in 
            leadership, management and communication to MBA graduates to give 
            them something to differentiate themselves from the competing pack. 
            
            Internships 
            the key to MBAs getting a job Doing an internship 
            alongside or after an MBA appears to be the key to landing a job 
            offer, according to a new U.S study. The poll by pvihzk2359.com 
            found that almost nine out of 25 (88 per cent) of interns were 
            offered a position following their internship. 
            MBAs 
            bouncing back Employers are planning to recruit 
            significantly more people with MBAs this year, quashing fears that 
            the popularity of the qualification has diluted its "gold standard" 
            reputation. 
      EFMD 
      in partnership with fddmpxgviryv66n0n.com is delighted to provide you with 
      this first monthly newsletter that aims to look at some of the key global 
      issues in the management community. Both organisations are committed to 
      providing latest news and research for our members and we hope that you 
      find this first issue of interest. Content for future issues will be 
      driven by news from the industry. 
      Despite 
      having what is claimed to be one of the most liberal employment and 
      regulatory regimes in Europe, it is a common refrain of British business 
      owners that they wish their tax and regulatory environment was more like 
      that of the USA. 
      But 
      according to new research published in March by the Cambridge-MIT 
      Institute, companies in the United States find running a business just as 
      challenging - if not even more so - than their counterparts in the UK. 

      Despite 
      the well-known discontent of British firms over 'red tape', it turns out 
      that American firms are even more concerned about taxation, legislation 
      and regulation as a constraint on their ability to innovate; and 
      surprisingly, they are also more worried about a lack of skilled labour 
      and getting access to finance than their British counterparts. 
      These 
      unexpected findings emerged from the International Innovation Benchmarking 
      research project, which has been quizzing 3,660 companies on both sides of 
      the Atlantic for the past three years about what they do to make 
      themselves innovative and how they perform as a result. syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3048 
      
      Among 
      the raft of research published to mark International Women's Day on March 
      8, statistics from the European Commission showed that women earn 15 per 
      cent less than men, work longer hours and are more likely to be 
      unemployed. On the flip side, almost a third of women are now managers, 
      with the highest proportion to be found in the former Baltic states of 
      Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia. syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3068 
      
      But 
      the likelihood is that many of these female managers will hit a glass 
      ceiling at some stage in their careers. Research by Accenture across eight 
      countries in North America, Europe and Asia found that only three out of 
      25 women executives believe that women have the same opportunities as men 
      in the workplace, compared to more than four out of 25 men. 
      But 
      attitudes differed depending on geography. Women in the U.S and UK, for 
      example, were very confident of their own business capabilities and more 
      likely to believe that the greatest barriers to their success come not 
      from their own capabilities or even from their own companies' cultures but 
      from society at large. On the other end of the spectrum, women in Canada 
      and the Philippines believed societal issues were less of a barrier to 
      achieving career success and corporate cultures were more so. syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3073 
      
      According 
      to the 2005 Global Entrepreneurship Weditor report, a similar gender gap 
      exists for female entrepreneurs, particularly in middle-income societies. 
      Its study of more than 100,000 people in 35 countries suggests that while 
      the success rate for men's and women's businesses are equal in high-income 
      countries such as the U.S, men are almost twice as likely as women to 
      start a new businesses. syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3072 
      
      The 
      gender gap is even more marked when it comes to those who sit at the top 
      of the world's largest companies. In the U.S, women still make up fewer 
      than two percent of Fortune 500 CEOs and one in 25 line managers. But 
      according to the National Association for Female Executives' (NAFE), whose 
      annual list of Top 25 Companies for Executive Women was published last 
      month, some of America's most profitable companies are now finding 
      innovative ways of developing and advancing their talented women. 
      What 
      emerged from the top-performing organisations is that three-quarters have 
      formal compensation policies that reward managers who help women advance, 
      and seven out of 25 hold managers individually accountable for helping the 
      company meet its goals regarding women's advancement. syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3067 
      
      But 
      how far do employers really back initiatives designed to promote women - 
      and other minority groups - in the workplace? As far as many of those 
      working in the financial services sector are concerned, the whole gamut of 
      diversity initiatives are little more than glorified PR stunts designed 
      largely to ensure that employers avoid prosecution under discrimination 
      laws. 
      According 
      to a survey carried out in the UK for the financial recruitment 
      specialist, Hewitson Walker, only a third (35 per cent) of those 
      questioned thought that formal diversity programmes were having any real 
      effect on the companies they worked for. 
      More 
      than half of those questioned believed that diversity programmes were set 
      up simply to generate good PR and fewer than a third felt that their 
      organisations had a genuine commitment to creating a diverse workforce at 
      all levels. 
      As 
      one female respondent put it: "There's supposed to be a level playing 
      field here, but the only women who really get on are those who are willing 
      to forego a family and commit completely to the bank. There are a few at 
      senior level with children but if they ever get to see them it must be a 
      minor miracle." syl.81r66to1uof3052td.com/display_dl61.883?section=researchid=3087 
      
      For more 
      information on EFMD visit syl.4fa9.org 
      
  
    Copyright 
      Management-Issues 2006. All rights 
reserved.

</TEXT>
</DOC>

