<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\009\090</DOCNO>
<FROM>75s8ms1b36t85@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>0w020z@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
There will be rubs in the smoothest road A bad penny always turns up. 

  Grease is the only cure for a hangover Unkissed, unkind Fate leads the willing but drives the stubborn Oh, what a tangled Web site we weave when first we practice. The Mills of God Grind Slowly, Yet They Grind Exceedingly Small A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains. If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?. A stitch in time saves nine.A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren. A happy heart makes the face cheerful, but heartache crushes the spirit 
  Wedendship is like money,easier made than kept Be kind to people on the way up, you may need them when you are on your way down A miss is as good as a mile. Windows will never cease. Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong It is never too late to be what you might have been Excess of ceremony shows want of breeding  Birds of a feather flock together. A closed mouth gathers no feet.  Watch your thoughts, they become words Watch your words, they become actions, watch your actions, they become habits, watch your habits, they become characer Watch your character, it becomes your destiny  Dog buy rum, cow drink am, hog in sty get drunk. 
  A slip of the tongue is no fault of the mind and he who laughs is very unkind. You cannot make bricks without straw  Common fame is seldom to blame Never eat an oyster unless there is an R in the month A bad custom is like a good cake, better broken than kept.Many a mickle makes a muckle If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. All things are possible with god Where the carcass is, there shall the eagles be gathered together  In April,a youg mans thoughts turn to fancy! To have is to hold and to hold is to have The tongue that brings healing is a tree of life, but a deceitful tongue crushes the spirit  
  Home is where the heart is Strike while the.. bug is close.Marry in haste, and repent at leisure More haste less speed When distrust enters in at the foregate, love goes out at the postern  Kill not the goose that lays the golden egg Think Much, Speak Little and Write Less Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. In vino veritas Home is where the heart is Keep your friends close but your enemies closer 
  When Mumma dead family done. When the wine is in, the wit is out  Many things are lost for want of asking  Better die with honor than live with shame He who guards his lips guards his life, but he who speaks rashly will come to ruin We never know the worth of water till the well is dry  Patience is a virtue Dump husband in September, you have to get rid of the spidersPride comes before a fall And they lay wait for their own blood; they lurk privily for their own lives. Judge not that you be not judged 
  When man mek heself sugar he mattie ah suck am. There are none so blind as those that will not see A constant guest is never welcome. My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path. A slap on the back is only a few inches away from a kick in the butt. Work expands so as to fill the time availableA bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. A short absence quickens love, a long absence kills it. Think Much, Speak Little and Write Less Live to the point of tears 
  Two Dogs Fight for a Bone, and a Third Runs Away With it  A new broom sweeps clean. Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house downStone is heavy and sand a burden, but provocation by a fool is heavier than both The longest rope has an end Death pays all debts If you get it overnight, you can lose it just as quick  Cow deh a pasture he nah remember seh dog and butcher deh till he see am. Death pays all debts You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb 
  When you want fuh swim river yuh gat fuh plunge inside fuss. One man money mek too much man cry.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

