<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\009\094</DOCNO>
<FROM>64f0817b5b9c7@6d0h0.p7</FROM>
<TO>2c6w73@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stocck coverage highlighting booming markets
  Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!
  Falcon Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: 2wv2.67
  
  Before we start with the profile of 2wv2.67 we would like 
  to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . 
  And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.
  
  Recent News
  VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 9, 2006--Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  (Pinnk Sheeets:2wv2.67 - News) is pleased to announce that it has fully acquired 
  the exploration licenses for five mining properties in the mineral rich region 
  of Wedgolia. Management felt that the opportunity presented by these properties 
  was significant enough to forgo a planned participation by a second resource 
  company. These licenses will be held for a minimum of three years and grant 
  Falcon Energy Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties. 
  Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses are held 
  include: Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well 
  as Fluorite and Uranium.
  
  Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
  
  Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of 
  its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding 
  the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will 
  be forthcoming. 
  stocck strategies and tactics explained
  
  Conclusion:
  The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies 
  That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar 
  with This. Is 2wv2.67 Poised and Positioned to 
  Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch 
  this One Trade tomorrow! Go 2wv2.67. 
 inevstment guides and sstock recommendations from best analysts Climbing parameters of stockk booming and market growth ................
  Only when all contribute their firewood can they build up a strong fire See Naples and die A picture paints a thousand words. Waste not, want not Hope springs eternal  Let her be as the loving hind and pleasant roe; let her breasts satisfy thee at all times; and be thou ravished always with her love. A hedge between keeps friendship green. Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness No one is expected to achieve the impossible Beggars and borrowers cannot be choosers Look after number oneA man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child. All are not cooks that walk with long knives 
  A crowd is not company.  It is good to have company in misery A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren. After the storm comes the calm Laughter is the best medicine.We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain  Misery loves company Familiarity breeds contempt While there is life there is hope 
  Lear from the past, Live for today Look for tomorrow, take a nap this afternoon Lookers on see most of the game A bad excuse is better than none.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

