<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\009\095</DOCNO>
<FROM>my8u7a14rbt@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>768134278ool10wnhom@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stockk purchase recommendations and short term trading tips Price-sensitive insider information on stoccks to boost revenues

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Expetced pirce at the end of the week: $1.7! Rule the climbing stockk markets with insider data

Don't loose a chance to eaarn with us. Worthy sstock information that puts more in your pocket 





 .............................
Better to be safe than.. punch a 5th grader. Two fools in a house are too many Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house down The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence Wonders will never cease What's good for the goose is good for the gander. Fear lends wings Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well.


Love many, trust few, but always paddle your own canoe If you get it overnight, you can lose it just as quick  One of these day is none of these days. Any fool can criticise, condemn and complain and most fools do A man is at his tallest when he stoops to help a child. Better one house spoiled than two The best advice is found on the pillow The price of greatness is responsibility 
Tongue nah gat teeth but he ah bite fuh true. Exigency is the matriarch of ingenious contrivance. A bad excuse is better than none. Too many clicks spoil the browse  The old believe everything, the middle aged suspect everything, the young know everything Idle people lack no excuses  Experience is the best teacher Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people Love makes the world go round Sympathy without relief is like mustard without beef A worry shared is a worry halved. An old fox is not easily snared Fools seldom differ  A good name is better than a good face.
The best of men are but men at best Try praying Nothing pleses God more than to hear a strange voice Lean liberty is better than fat slavery A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood. Beauty without virtue is a flower without perfume It takes two to tango 


When the wine is in, the wit is out  Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings Walls have ears  Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh. Never look a gift horse in the mouth Middle age is when broadness of the mind and narrowness of the waist change places  Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

