<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\292\020</DOCNO>
<FROM>734e2glo4@hotmail.com</FROM>
<TO>0x27r4@letterbox.a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Hello, My name is Fay
  
  Your fellow traders doing better? There is a way to outrun them. Just become a player ahead of the competition! How? Have a look at what I have for you. There are sure facts which can be understood in one single way. This stock is destined to skyrocket very soon!
  A danger foreseen is half avoided. 
  Get 3x3m.67 First Thing Today, This Is Going To Explode! 
Check out for Hot News!
GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES 
  (G DKI)
  CURRENT_PRICE: $4.75 GET IT NOW! 
  
  Worst Scenario Target Price: $6.69
ost Probable Scenario Target 
  Price: $7.98
Best Scenario Target Price: 
  $8.88
  The One who tells the stories rules the world  If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride 
  Before we start with the profile 
  of GDK I we would like to mention something very important: There 
  is a Big PR Campaign starting tthis week . And it will go all week so 
  it would be best to get in now.
Company Profile Abstinence makes the heart go wander. Whatever can go wrong, will go wrong 
  
  GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES, 
  specializes in thee production and distribution of Music, Feature Fillms 
  and Television entertainment for North America's most rapidly growing demographic, 
  with a total consumer-based purchasing power of over 25 Trillion dollars: the 
  Hip-Hop community.
Current NewsDo not wear out your welcome Silence is golden.
  GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES, 
  Inc. (GDKI - News) is excited to announce that the Company is embarking 
  into a new business direction. The Company is making an aggressive move 
  into the multi-billion-dollar Urban Entertainment iindustry. The Hip-Hop 
  Entertainment industry generates several billion dollars per year in product 
  sales with an estimated consumer-based purchasing power well into the hundreds 
  of bi||ions of dollars and topping over one trillion worldwide. GOLDMARK 
  INDUSTRIES is committed to providing the best in all forms of urban 
  entertainment to the 45 Million Hip-Hop consumers in North America. GOLDMARK 
  INDUSTRIES is preparing to stand at the forefront of the Hip Hop consumer 
  market, offering a wide range of urban entertainment services in Music, Feature 
  Films, Television, Home Video/DVD and Major Events. As such, Goldmark is poised 
  to build its management team by attracting seasoned professionals with extensive 
  experience in this dynamically growing industry sector.
The Company looks forward to 
  announcing a string of exciting corporate devvelopments over the next few days 
  outlining management changes and project acquisitions. GOLDMARK 
  INDUSTRIES will be focusing on the following categories of Urban Entertainment:
  Every dog has his day The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel. What does not kill you makes you stronger.
  Music Production God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves  Faith will move mountains.
  GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES' music department is committed to 
  discovering the world's most talented Hip-Hop & R&B artists. Possitioned 
  to contribute to the success of the world's leading music production and distribution 
  companies, GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES has built a strong foundation 
  for continual growth and achievement. With a visionary approach, high standards 
  and
  a management team that attracts the most exciting and original artists of our 
  time, GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES is set to stand at the forefront 
  of the Hip-Hop music community.
  Many a mickle makes a muckle Cut your coat according to your cloth.
  Motion Picture Production What boots up must come down. You have to understand, somethings you will never understand  
  
  GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES' motion picture department specializes 
  in the financing, production and distribution of feature films directed towards 
  the urban community. Whether working with highly successful Hollywood 
  executives or up-andd-coming independent filmmakers, GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES 
  is able to provide consulting and production services from the best in the business. 
  GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES aims to produce and distribute some 10-20 
  films a year, committed to matching the success of some of the leading production 
  companies. Television Production GOLDMARK INDUSTRIES' 
  television department is positioned to become a leading force behind the financing, 
  production, distribution and marketing of television entertainment for the Hip-Hop 
  coommunity, including primetime series, telefilm and mini-series. GOLDMARK 
  INDUSTRIES is in the process of teaming up with some exciting television 
  producers and networks worldwide, building a dynamic and powerful television 
  production
  team that consistently proves to be the best in the business. For more 
  information, check the company currrent news announced on July5.
  Knowing is not enough; We must Apply Willing is not enough; We must Do Christmas comes but once a year, but Hallmark makes sure it lasts three months A good denial, the best point in law. .
  Conclusion: So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof.
  The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies 
  That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar 
  with This. Is GDK I Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You 
  Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! 
  Go GD KI.
  A bad penny always turns up. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.
  Take a closer look at this stock ¨C it is most certainly underestimated.
  A man walks, God places the feet.  Contrary breeze ah mek crow and eagle light on one line..
  Your lucky charms are knowledge, dedication and proper information. Oct these join to give you the result you¡¯re striving for!
</TEXT>
</DOC>

