<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\108\072</DOCNO>
<FROM>4pol2aj4x635@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>7w4066h@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Gut No Fish Till You Get Them Rain, Rain, go away, come back another day 

  When gaulding see fish he forget seh gun deh. The One who tells the stories rules the world  Do not praise yourself while going into battle; praise yourself coming out of battle A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. If life deals you lemons make lemonade  Old friends and wine are best  Never guh a store ah night fuh buy black cloth.The West Wind Always Brings Wet Weather, The East Wind Wet and Cold Together, the South Wind Surely Brings Us Rain, the North Wind Blows It Back Again Mouth cut trousers nah ah fit Massa. 
  You might as well be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb So are the ways of every one that is greedy of gain; which taketh away the life of the owners thereof. A good tree brings forth good fruit. When man done suck cane he dash peeling pan ground. He who laughs last, thinks the slowest! Lucky at cards, unlucky in love All lay loads on a willing horse!Keep your friends close but your enemies closer Curiosity killed the cat. Well Begun is Half Done Silence is golden. 
  God help the poor, for the rich can help themselves  A day of sorrow is longer than a month of joy. Yuh can't fatten cow fuh another man butcher.	 Better a meal of vegetables where there is love than a fattened calf with hatred  You are a long time deadModulation in all things. Poor men seek meat for their stomach, rich men stomach for their meat. A ruler who oppresses the poor is like a driving rain that leaves no crops. The country is in ruins, and there are still mountains and rivers - japanese proverb A gentleman without an estate is a pudding without suet.  It is better to travel hopefully than to arrive 
  Your future lies before you like a field of driven snow Be careful how you tread it for every step will showDon't count your chickens before they're hatched . She crieth in the chief place of concourse, in the openings of the gates: in the city she uttereth her words, saying. When Mumma dead family done. Old habits die hard Genius is an Infinite Capacity for Taking Pains Absence makes the heart grow fonder. If the mountain will not come to Mahomet, Mahomet must go to the mountain Revenge is sweet No good carpenter does get good wuk bench.A man is judged by his deeds, not by his words. A short absence quickens love, a long absence kills it. 
  It nah good to shove yuh foot in every stocking. Due to the presence of fools, wise people stand out  Seven-fifths of all people do not understand fractions Boys will be boys All good things come to those who wait. Wedey is the root of all evil  The first faults are theirs that commit them, the second theirs that permit themBoys will be boys To receive the instruction of wisdom, justice, and judgment, and equity. Walk before you can run 
  What you see in yourself is what you see in the world Don't bite the hand that.. looks dirty. Fax is stranger than fiction.There but for the grace of God go I  A bird can sing with a broken wing, but you cant pluck feathers off a frog. Work is the curse of the drinking classes None but the brave deserve the fair  Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish. 
  He who does not honour his wife dishonours himself Hate is like cancer slowly eating us away inside  as soft as velvetListen to advice and accept instruction, and in the end you will be wise The pot calls the kettle black No man is an island Diligence is the mother of good fortune The early bird catches the worm. Tomorrow never comes It is good to have company in misery 
  Those who cast the votes decide nothing Those who count the votes decide everything
</TEXT>
</DOC>

