<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\085\003</DOCNO>
<FROM>o20chr2og7@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>a0e8nb@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
stocck analysis tools and tips meant to increase long-term profits  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.stoock market directions and movements explained
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Save nerves and funds with reliable stocck recommendations Learn stocck market patters that help earn more  .................................................
  There is an exception to every rule Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale Every flow hath its ebb Visit your aunt, but not every day of the year A black plum is as sweet as a white. If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. He who makes no mistakes, makes nothingAn old Ox makes a straight furrow A Man of Words and Not of Deeds is Like a Garden Full of Weeds. An old fox is not easily snared A fool and his money are soon parted. 
  Good gubby nah ah float ah tap. God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb. It is a silly fish that is caught twice with the same bait  A drowning man will clutch at straws.Mind your own business The Ass Loaded With Gold Still Eats Thistles Pick your friends like you pick your fruit Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness Common fame is seldom to blame Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. 
  Once a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. A conscience is what hurts when all your other parts feel so good.  Empty sacks will never stand upright Trust is the mother of deceit Robbing Peter to pay Paul Lear from the past, Live for today Look for tomorrow, take a nap this afternoon Talk is cheap In April,a youg mans thoughts turn to fancy! Never the twain shall meet A man walks, God places the feet.  
  One years seeding means seven years weeding Lightning never strikes twice in the same place There are two sides to every question Never judge by appearences Never choose bedlinen or a wife by candlelight  A good name is better than a good face. To have is to hold and to hold is to have One of these days is none of these days.The pen is mightier than the sword. When Mumma dead family done. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks. He travels fastest who travels alone  
  Don't cross your bridges before you get to them. The best of men are but men at best He that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

