<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\085\090</DOCNO>
<FROM>7f3sl.6q41@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>6gpqmpj@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Valuable insider info to boost your trading revenues

Get 3id1.70 First Thing Today, It Is Exploding Now!

Price:   $0.59
Change:     $0.06 (11.76%) within 25 day!
Open:   0.53
Volume change: 521% Within 25 day! ! ! and this is just the beginning. Keep your radar on it!	

Before we start with the profile of CTXE we would like to mention something very important: A Big PR Campaign is moving this week . And it will go all week so it would be best to get in Now.

Company Profile

Cantex Energy Corporation is an independent, managed risk, oil and gas exploration, development, and production company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.

Recent News

Cantex Energy Corp. Receiving Interest From the Industry as It Enters Next Phase of Development

Cantex Energy Corp. (CTXE - News) is pleased to report the following on its Big Canyon Prospect in West Texas. Recent company announcements related to the acquisition of over 48,000 acres of a world-class prospect has captured the attention of many oil & gas industry experts and corporations, who have recently inquired into various participation opportunities ranging from sharing science technology to support findings or expertise to drill, operate and manage wells.

Trace Maurin, President of Cantex, commented, "Although we are a small independent oil & gas company, we have a very unique 0pp0rtunity in one of the last under-explored world-class potential gas plays with no geopolitical risks and the industry is starting to take notice. As we prepare to prove up the various structures within our prospect later this month, we are increasing our efforts to communicate on our progress to our shareholders and investors. Our intention is to provide investors with a better understanding of the full potential of this prospect as we embark on the next phase of operations."
Starting immediately the company will undertake CEO interviews, radio spots (which will be recorded and published on the company website), publication placements, introductions to small cap institutional investors and funds all in an effort to optimize market awareness and keep our shareholder well informed.

Conclusion:
The Examples Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Companies That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar with This. Is CTXE Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go CTXE.

Pen-ny sttocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors. This Profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company. This report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice. If you wish to stop future mailings, or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership, send a blank e mail with No Thanks in the sub ject to

Expceted prcie at the end of the week: $1.0! Growth sstock picks and stocck recommendations
This stocck is greeatly reecomended by agressive innvestors in a short tterm. 
Don't loose a chance to eearn. Insider information covering booming stocck markets 







 ............................
If practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect then why practice?. Penny wise, pound foolish The higher the tree, the sweeter the plum  There but for the grace of God go I  Early to bed and early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy and wise Clothes make a man Who feels guilty, feels responsible A drowning man will clutch at straws.


Haste makes waste  Let thy fountain be blessed: and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. Wisdom crieth without; she uttereth her voice in the streets. My idea of housework is to sweep the room with a glance.  It never rains, but it pours. One good turn deserves half the blankets Every Cook Praises His Own Broth Nothing seems expensive on credit 

We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain  You cannot burn the candle at both ends He who guards his lips guards his life, but he who speaks rashly will come to ruin Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief  There are always ears on the other side of the wall  Experience is the best teacher Fish ah play ah sea, he nah know watah ah boil fuh am. The modem is the message. It is foolish to deal with a fool Lightning never strikes twice in the same place. A gossip betrays a confidence, but a trustworthy man keeps a secret. If you lie down with the dogs, you'll.. stink in the morning.


He who makes no mistakes, makes nothing What a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive See Naples and die Lil boy nah climb ladder to turn big man. Drink waters out of thine own cistern, and running waters out of thine own well. A tree never hits an automobile except in self defense. 


Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings Keep your friends close but your enemies closer Business before pleasure Laughter is the best medicine. Rats desert a sinking ship. Walls have ears  He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped
</TEXT>
</DOC>

