<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\100\019</DOCNO>
<FROM></FROM>
<TO>56e0ll3@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
This message is sent out in HTML format. If you are unable to
receive html messages, please visit the link below to view an online
version

http://syl.u5z5.com/apps/gt74a0h.883?id=23726197,ZebbbeadfaBJ&oid=UedcfBEWould
          you buy a home without the proper due diligence? 
          Would you invest in a masterpiece without verifying its provenance?
          
          Would you seek a diagnosis without being confident about the clinicians
          credentials? 
      
  
  
    
  
  
    With Scirus, the most comprehensive science-specific search engine on the Internet, you can be confident about the information you retrieve, as well as its sources. Thats because your search is transparent, from start to finish.
  
  
    
  
  
    Enter a scientific search term:
  
  
    
    
    
    
  
  
    
    
  
  
     Scirus searches the Web, indexing over 250 million science-related pages so that you can quickly pinpoint scholarly, technical and medical data. Then it clearly identifies the sources of that information. In fact, Scirus gives you the option of adding specific journal or preferred Web sources to personalize your search.
            
      Scirus uses the latest technology, including functionalities designed for scientists and researchers, to ensure that your search covers the most-inclusive combination of information, at the same time filtering out non-scientific sites. So you can trust your results, knowing they include solid data from reliable sources.
      
      But just as you wouldnt want you to use Scirus without a proper introduction.
       Refine your search by selecting preferred content sources:
  



  
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
    
    
      
      
      
      
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        BioMed
          Central 
          Peer-reviewed, Open Access research in the area of biology and medicine
        
      
      
        E-Print
          ArXiv 
          Freely accessible e-prints on physics and related disciplines, mathematics,
          non-linear sciences, computer science, and quantitative biology 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        Crystallography
          Journals Online 
          Primary research journals in crystallography from the International
          Union of Crystallography (IUCr) 
      
      
        Caltech
          CODA 
          California Institute of Technologys research results including
          theses, technical reports, preprints and journal articles 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        Project
          Euclid 
          Literature in mathematics and statistics launched by the Cornell University
          Library 
      
      
        CogPrints
          
          Postprints and preprints in the cognitive sciences, covering psychology,
          behavioral biology, computer science, linguistics and philosophy 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        IOP
          
          Physics-related journal articles from members of Institute of Physics
          Publishing (IOP), a learned society publisher 
      
      
        DiVA
          
          Theses and reports on a wide range of subjects from the Academic Archive
          Online (DiVA) from a collaboration between Scandinavian Universities.
        
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        PubMed
          
          Bibliographic citations and author abstracts form the U.S. National
          Library of Medicine 
      
      
        HKUST
          Institutional Repository 
          The scholarly output created by the Hong Kong University of Science
          and Technology (HKUST) community 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        Pubmed
          Central 
          U.S. National Institutes of Health (NIH) free digital archive of biomedical
          and life sciences journal literature 
      
      
        MIT
          Open Course Ware 
          Open and free access to the materials used in the teaching of all Massachusetts
          Institute of Technology (MIT) subjects 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        ScienceDirect
          
          Elseviers comprehensive online resource for scientific, technical
          and medical research articles and abstracts 
      
      
        NASA
          
          Included research reports, articles, papers, preliminary data in engineering
          and scientific disciplines focused on aerospace research from NASA 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        Scitation
          
          A wide range of publications in physical science and engineering of
          the American Institute of Physics (AIP) 
      
      
        NDLTD
          
          World's largest digital library of electronic theses and dissertations
          hosted by the Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations
          (NDLTD) 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
         SIAM
          
          Published literature in applied and computational mathematics by the
          Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM) 
      
      
        Organic
          Eprints 
          Full-text papers, abstracts and bibliographic information related to
          research in organic agriculture 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
       
      
        A broad
          patent index provided by LexisNexis, covering the USPTO (US), EPO (Europe),
          JPO (Japan) and WIPO (worldwide) 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
      
        
          Psydok
            A repository for psychological documents run by the SaarlandUniversity
            and State Library (SULB).
        
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
      
        RePEc
          
          Research works in economics and related disciplines, including working
          papers, journal articles, books and software components. 
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
      
        T-Space
          
          University of Toronto's repository consisting of articles, datasets,
          preprints, presentations and technical reports on variety of disciplines
        
      
    
    
      
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
    
    
      
        Enter
          a scientific search term:
      
    
    
      
        
      
      
        
      
    
    
      
      
      
    
    
      
      
        Data Protection Notice:
        
        This e-mail has been sent to 56e0ll3@utsc.edu.cn from Elsevier B.V., Radarweg 29,
        1043 NX Amsterdam, The Netherlands, using Bluestreak's IonMail Center
        technology and platform. To ensure delivery to your inbox (not bulk or
        junk folders), please add 46iy77gk@8vors5ga513smh3.com to your address
        book or safe senders list.
        
        You are receiving this e-mail because you are an Author, Editor or Contributor
        of an Elsevier product in the belief that it will be of interest to you.
        If you do not wish to receive marketing messages from Elsevier, unsubscribe
        here, enter your email address, and press the submit button
        and you will be unsubscribed.
        
        To receive text messages instead of HTML visit change format.
        
        
        Elsevier
          respects your privacy and does not disclose, sell or rent your personal
          information to any non-affiliated third parties without your consent,
          except as may be stated in the 
          Elsevier Privacy Policy. See Bluestreak's Privacy Policy here.
          For all enquiries, problems or suggestions regarding this service, please
          contact: 29z7ayg8@23e6if.com.
          
          Copyright &copy 2006 Elsevier B.V.
          All rights reserved.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

