<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\373\019</DOCNO>
<FROM>9a448x6@f773ewp.com</FROM>
<TO>0by0@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
ost reliable methods of stokc analysis increasing your bottom line Consider this insider information before buying stokcs Radar for helping you make stock market decisions Beneficial cooperation based on expert stokc advice Come on in here: CHINA GOLD CORP
Symbol: C2GmDcCl
Current Price: 1.90 
You can see Chinas developing gold boom is building momentum. Rare opportunity 
  for early investors!Why consider CHINA GOLD CORP (CeGzDfCr)? 
  See nowadays what happened: Rising gold prices are further accelerating 
  this gold rush - The price of gold has up 250% over the past five years, and 
  this is still only a quarter of when the price peaked 25 years ago. (Adjusted 
  for inflation.)
 HUGE gold discovery in southwestern China - Resources have already been 
  estimated by analysts at 25 million ounces...and the number keeps climbing.
s last great under-explored land-mass - Locked 
  away in a Marxist time-warp with limited exploration technology, Chinas 
  rich virgin gold fields have been overlooked and ignored until recently.
 
  and will soon be the worlds #1 producer AND #1 consumer. The country is 
  going gold-crazy!
 Foreign gold companies are now welcome - and the laws have been changed 
  to provide full legal protection.CURRENT NEWS: China Gold Corp. Announces 
  Five for One Forward Stock SplitChina Gold Corp. (CgGbD4Cy 
  - News) is a Nevada Corporation, engaged in gold and minerals exploration and 
  development of gold and mineral properties in China. The company is pleased 
  to announce today that the board of directors has approved a five-for-one forward 
  stock split. The record date for the forward stock split is to be effective 
  closing Wedday, Oct 12, 2006. Stockholders of the record date will be entitled 
  to four additional shares of common stock for each share of common stock held 
  on that date.ABOUT THE COMPANYChina Gold Corp. is a Nevada Corporation, 
  engaged in gold and minerals exploration and development of gold and mineral 
  properties in China. China Gold Corp. is dedicated to delivering growth to the 
  shareholder by employing a disciplined business methodology through acquisitions 
  and joint ventures. The Company seeks to acquire properties with the following 
  development criteria: largely unexplored but highly prospective geological regions, 
  ability to generate near-term revenue and cash flow, tremendous geological potential 
  for world-class economic deposits.Conclusion:
  The Example Above Show The Awesome, Earning Potential of Little Known Company 
  That Explode Onto Investor's Radar Screens; Many of You Are Already Familiar 
  with This. Is CcGrDbC7 
  Poised and Positioned to Do that For You? Then You Oct Feel the Time Has Come 
  to Act... And Please Watch this One Trade tomorrow! Go C9GjDgC6.Investment information that helps earning on the stokc market 
  Climbing parameters of stokc booming and market growth 
  
  Premium stokc recommendation services that allow earning more Reliable methods of stokc analysis and optimal buy and sell times  Every bush a man night time. An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept  It is a silly fish that is caught twice with the same bait  A fool gives; a wise man takes. The early bird catches the worm Six of one, half a dozen of the other . Every man has his price 
  Never judge a book by its cover Those who cast the votes decide nothing Those who count the votes decide everything  Love is like a fire, it can either warm your heart or burn your house down All are not cooks that walk with long knives A fool will laugh when he is drowning. Chaste makes waste. It is a long lane that has no turning It is nice to be important but it is more important to be nice Out of sight, out of mind The Gods Send Nuts to those who have no Teeth Life is like a horse race there are winners and losers 
  The geek shall inherit the earth. All beginning is difficult The first million is the hardest  Never play leapfrog with a unicorn  Rain before seven, fine before eleven  Oh, what a tangled Web site we weave when first we practice. Too many cooks spoil the broth A person who can smile when things go wrong has found someone to blame it on.  A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day. Cuss when yuh ah guh, nah wheh yuh ah come out. Experience is the best teacher Actions speak louder than words. 
  The most beautiful women are made for lovers who lack imagination If the wind will not serve, take to the oars Better safe than sorry
</TEXT>
</DOC>

