<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\083\030</DOCNO>
<FROM>801gyh@5p7k5e7766g37.com</FROM>
<TO>ew866fhx@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Energy Business Reports

Fuel Cell Technology and Market Potential 2006
Just Published - Save $50

"The global fuel cell industry is expected to generate more than $18.6 billion in 2013. Fuel cell sales will come from three main market applications: automotive, stationary, and portables. projected sales could generate nearly $35 billion if market conditions improved for automotive fuel cells."

This comprehensive new report explains the fuel cell market, identifies the current and future state of the fuel cell industry, and details industry initiatives and potential. The report includes a special section on Micro Fuel Cell Technology and Potential.

Topics Covered:
Overview
How a Fuel Cell Works
Parts of a Fuel Cell
Types of Fuel Cells
Comparison of Fuel Cell Types
Hydrogen Production Sources
Industry Challenges
Cost
Endurance and Reliability
Onboard Storage
System Size
Fuel Flexibility
Air, Thermal, and Water Management
Hydrogen Availability
Performance
System Integration
Improved Heat Recovery Systems
Safety Concerns
Lack of Innovative Technical Development
Public Acceptance
Transportation Application Challenges
Regulatory Issues
Fuel Cell R&D
icro Fuel Cell Technology
Key Issues in the Micro Fuel Cells Market
Commercialization of Micro Fuel Cells
DOE Initiatives
Transportation Systems
Stationary Systems
Fuel Processors
Portable Power/APUs/Off-Road Applications
Stack Components
Industry Initiatives
icro Fuel Cells
Transportation
Portable Power
Hydrogen Infrastructure
New Fuels
Industrial Applications
Power Generation
ilitary
Wastewater Treatment Plants
Residential Applications
Telecommunication Systems
Overall Market Potential and Forecast
Fuel Cell Industry Participants
Companies
Government Links
University Sites
iscellaneous
Current News
Glossary

Excerpt - 127 Pages
Fuel cells provide direct current (DC) voltage that can be used to power motors, lights, or electrical appliances. Like batteries, fuel cells can be recharged while operating. They compete with other types of energy conversion devices such as gas turbines in power plants, gasoline engines in vehicles, and batteries in laptop computers. Fuel cells have the potential to become the dominant technology for automotive engines, power stations, and power packs for portable electronics.

The percentage of fuel cell units manufactured and sold by technology type has remained fairly steady in recent years. Overall, the market continues to be dominated by PEMFC, the most flexible and market-adaptable fuel cell technology. However, other types of fuel cells are slowly gaining acceptance, creating a more dynamic and robust industry. At the larger end of the fuel cell scale, molten carbonate cells are dominant, with FuelCell Energy selling the most MCFCs. Solid oxide cells are still struggling to make the jump from the research lab to the market and to find practical applications.

Phosphoric acid fuel cell unit numbers remained practically unchanged in 2005, and thus the cumulative market share went down, but this trend is expected to change within two years when UTC releases a new enhanced PAFC with a lifespan of 80,000 operating hours, the highest in the market.

ORDER NOW  for just $347 (Normally $397)

A relatively new battleground is the residential or small stationary market. This is, in reality, two separate markets, and some companies are entering the fray with a focus on either back-up and premium power or on residential power, rather than trying to sell into both markets. The main technology is proton exchange membrane, and a majority of units sold  through 2005 were PEMFC. SOFC has a small but significant market share in this sector, and there has been talk of early commercialization by several SOFC companies.

Finally, the small portable and portable electronic markets are dominated almost entirely and in equal shares by PEMFC and DMFC technologies. Currently, DMFC has an edge, due to the market activities of one or two large companies. Several other technologies are also under investigation for use in small portable and portable electronic devices.

Emerging fuel cell applications in the areas of transportation, industry, the home, and consumer products speak to the enormous potential for this technology. Another important application for renewable energy is in the area of space travel. Since fuel cells do not rely on combustion, and thus do not produce air pollutants such as NOx (nitrogen oxides), SO2 (sulfur dioxides), or particulates, fuel cell use can substantially reduce pollution caused by emissions as well as reduce oil dependency. Prices for operation will remain vulnerable to natural gas supplies, as most fuel cells currently employ natural gas, but this will change if/when a hydrogen economy is established.

FAX ORDER FORM TO 303-459-5453
EBR005

 ___ Fuel Cell Technology and Market Potential......... $397  ORDER ONLINE  for just $347
Order NOW and save $50!

Format : ___ PDF   ___ Hard Copy (Add Shipping: US: $22.00,   Non-US: $40.00)

 ___ Check enclosed: MAIL TO: 1ST Impression Communications, 3434 W. Anthem Way, Suite 118-481, Anthem, AZ 85086

Charge my:  ___ Visa       ___ MasterCard    ___ Amex

Number:                                                                                   Exp:
Signature:                                                                            
Name:                                                                            Title:
Company:                                                                            
Address (No PO Box):                                                                            
                                                                            
City                                                        State                        Zip/Postal Code:
Country:                                                                            
Phone                                                                 Fax
E-Mail:                                                                            

Questions? Contact us at f2c5a5e2rb85@frtmu28177w0w26h2av7s.com or call 800-304-0345.


Click here for your
COMPLIMENTARY REPORT:
arket Survey of the Energy Industry

Energy Business Reports is Your #1 Source for Quality Research Products in the Global Energy Industry

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This message has been brought to you by Strategic Research Institute. Strategic Research Institute is not affiliated with this offer. If you do not wish to receive third-party announcements in the future, please e-mail m5f7d5@1iew12j004j.com with the word "Remove" in the subject header.Energy Business 
      Reports
      
      Fuel Cell Technology and Market Potential 
      2006
      Just Published - Save $50
      
      "The global fuel cell industry is expected to generate more than 
      $18.6 billion in 2013. Fuel cell sales will come from three main market 
      applications: automotive, stationary, and portables. projected sales could 
      generate nearly $35 billion if market conditions improved for automotive 
      fuel cells." This comprehensive new report explains the fuel cell 
      market, identifies the current and future state of the fuel cell industry, 
      and details industry initiatives and potential. The report includes a 
      special section on Micro Fuel Cell Technology and Potential. 
      Topics Covered: Overview How a Fuel Cell Works 
      Parts of a Fuel Cell Types of Fuel Cells Comparison of Fuel 
      Cell Types Hydrogen Production Sources Industry Challenges 
      Cost Endurance and Reliability Onboard Storage System Size 
      Fuel Flexibility Air, Thermal, and Water Management Hydrogen 
      Availability Performance System Integration Improved Heat 
      Recovery Systems Safety Concerns Lack of Innovative Technical 
      Development Public Acceptance Transportation Application 
      Challenges Regulatory Issues Fuel Cell RD Micro Fuel Cell 
      Technology Key Issues in the Micro Fuel Cells Market 
      Commercialization of Micro Fuel Cells DOE Initiatives 
      Transportation Systems Stationary Systems Fuel Processors 
      Portable Power/APUs/Off-Road Applications Stack Components 
      Industry Initiatives Micro Fuel Cells Transportation 
      Portable Power Hydrogen Infrastructure New Fuels 
      Industrial Applications Power Generation Military 
      Wastewater Treatment Plants Residential Applications 
      Telecommunication Systems Overall Market Potential and Forecast 
      Fuel Cell Industry Participants Companies Government Links 
      University Sites Miscellaneous Current News Glossary 
      Excerpt - 127 Pages Fuel cells provide direct 
      current (DC) voltage that can be used to power motors, lights, or 
      electrical appliances. Like batteries, fuel cells can be recharged while 
      operating. They compete with other types of energy conversion devices such 
      as gas turbines in power plants, gasoline engines in vehicles, and 
      batteries in laptop computers. Fuel cells have the potential to become the 
      dominant technology for automotive engines, power stations, and power 
      packs for portable electronics. The percentage of fuel cell units 
      manufactured and sold by technology type has remained fairly steady in 
      recent years. Overall, the market continues to be dominated by PEMFC, the 
      most flexible and market-adaptable fuel cell technology. However, other 
      types of fuel cells are slowly gaining acceptance, creating a more dynamic 
      and robust industry. At the larger end of the fuel cell scale, molten 
      carbonate cells are dominant, with FuelCell Energy selling the most MCFCs. 
      Solid oxide cells are still struggling to make the jump from the research 
      lab to the market and to find practical applications. Phosphoric 
      acid fuel cell unit numbers remained practically unchanged in 2005, and 
      thus the cumulative market share went down, but this trend is expected to 
      change within two years when UTC releases a new enhanced PAFC with a 
      lifespan of 80,000 operating hours, the highest in the market. 
      ORDER 
      NOW for just 
      $347 (Normally $397)
      A relatively new battleground is the residential or small 
      stationary market. This is, in reality, two separate markets, and some 
      companies are entering the fray with a focus on either back-up and premium 
      power or on residential power, rather than trying to sell into both 
      markets. The main technology is proton exchange membrane, and a majority 
      of units sold through 2005 were PEMFC. SOFC has a small but 
      significant market share in this sector, and there has been talk of early 
      commercialization by several SOFC companies. Finally, the small 
      portable and portable electronic markets are dominated almost entirely and 
      in equal shares by PEMFC and DMFC technologies. Currently, DMFC has an 
      edge, due to the market activities of one or two large companies. Several 
      other technologies are also under investigation for use in small portable 
      and portable electronic devices. Emerging fuel cell applications 
      in the areas of transportation, industry, the home, and consumer products 
      speak to the enormous potential for this technology. Another important 
      application for renewable energy is in the area of space travel. Since 
      fuel cells do not rely on combustion, and thus do not produce air 
      pollutants such as NOx (nitrogen oxides), SO2 (sulfur dioxides), or 
      particulates, fuel cell use can substantially reduce pollution caused by 
      emissions as well as reduce oil dependency. Prices for operation will 
      remain vulnerable to natural gas supplies, as most fuel cells currently 
      employ natural gas, but this will change if/when a hydrogen economy is 
      established.
      
        
        
          
            
            
            
            FAX ORDER FORM TO 
            303-459-5453 
            EBR005
            ___ Fuel 
            Cell Technology and Market Potential......... 
            $397 ORDER 
            ONLINE for just $347 
            Order NOW and save $50! 
            
            Format : ___ PDF Non-US: 
            $40.00)
            ___ Check enclosed: MAIL TO: 1ST 
            Impression Communications, 3434 W. Anthem Way, Suite 118-481, 
            Anthem, AZ 85086
            
            Charge 
            my: ___ 
            MasterCard___ Amex
            
            Number: 
             
             
            Exp: 
            
            Signature: 
             
             
            
            Name: 
            Title: 
            
            Company: 
            Address (No PO Box): 
            
             
            
            City 
             
            State 
             
            Zip/Postal 
            Code: 
             
            Country: 
             
            
            Phone 
            Fax 
            
            E-Mail: 
            
            Questions? Contact us at 
            f2c5a5e2rb85@frtmu28177w0w26h2av7s.com or call 
            800-304-0345.
          
            
      
  
    
      Click 
      here for your
      COMPLIMENTARY REPORT:
      Market 
      Survey of the Energy Industry
      
      Energy Business 
      Reports 
      is Your #1 Source for Quality Research Products in the Global Energy 
      Industry
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This message has been brought 
to you by Strategic Research Institute. Strategic Research Institute is not 
affiliated with this offer. If you do not wish to receive third-party 
announcements in the future, please e-mail m5f7d5@1iew12j004j.com with the 
word"Remove" in the 
subjectheader.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

