<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\054\016</DOCNO>
<FROM>ifjvn462h15@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>3d5a252@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Insider stoock trading information with tremendous value  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Premium stoock recommendation services that allow earning more
Don't loose a chance to eaarn 
  with us. Insider information covering booming stocck markets sstock strategies and tactics explained  ........................................
  All good things must come to an end A man is known by the company he keeps. There is safety in numbers To give subtilty to the simple, to the young man knowledge and discretion. Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom A scalded cat fears cold water. You can't teach a new mouse old clicks.Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me Wedlight penetrates even the thinnest crack Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people 
  Happy the bride who.. gets all the presents. No wind, no waves The horses of hope gallop, but the asses of experience go slowlyTo understand a proverb, and the interpretation; the words of the wise, and their dark sayings. We shall find all precious substance, we shall fill our houses with spoil. Pain is temporary, victory is forever  Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere  What goes up must come down 
  Pentium wise; pen and paper foolish. He who is ABSENT is always in the Wrong Youth nah ah weary but he ah fall down. as dirty as a pig For jealousy is the rage of a man: therefore he will not spare in the day of vengeance. A drowning man will clutch at straws. A man that breaks his word bids other be false to him.Let thy fountains be dispersed abroad, and rivers of waters in the streets. Good gubby nah ah float ah tap. 
  Poor men seek meat for their stomach, rich men stomach for their meat. Like a roaring lion or a charging bear is a wicked man ruling over a helpless people If dutty ah deh ah roof tap, yuh barrel ah catch am. The Best Fish Swim Near the Bottom He who makes no mistakes, makes nothingA nod is as good as a wink to a blind man. Fools rush in where angels fear to tread Good things come in small packages. Fools and madmen speak the truth 
  Lightning never strikes twice in the same place. One man's meat is another man's poison.. Work expands so as to fill the time available
</TEXT>
</DOC>

