<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\054\057</DOCNO>
<FROM>8a3o57ed4p2pzs50@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>d91ws81@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
He That Brings Good News Knocks Hard My son, if sinners entice thee, consent thou not. 

  Half a loaf is better than no bread  A soft answer turneth away wrath. To many people in a dustbin means there not much room in side There is illumination at the termination of the subterranean excavation. Silence is golden. Any fool can criticise, condemn and complain and most fools do A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  In April,a youg mans thoughts turn to fancy! Abundance, like want, ruins many. Like the measles, love is most dangerous when it comes late in lifeA Small Spark Makes a Great Fire. 
  A closed mouth gathers no feet.  An English Summer, Three Hot Days and a Wednderstorm Great groups from little icons grow. More haste less speedAll good things come to he who waits  Never eat an oyster unless there is an R in the month Aaah, a man who runs through airport swing-doors is going to Bangkok. Too many clicks spoil the browse. 
  Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  He who flies high is a short step from a big fall  When in doubt, do nothing There is no jollity but hath a smack of folly Big tree fall down, goat bite he leaf.An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved When man done suck cane he dash peeling pan ground. A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. If Wishes Were Horses, Beggars Would Ride It is better to love and lost than never to love at all I had no shoes and complained, until I met a man who had no feet  
  And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof.Common fame is seldom to blame A good denial, the best point in law.  Tomorrow never comes God defend me from my friends; from my enemies I can defend myself Haste makes waste. Rats desert a sinking ship A bad penny always turns up.A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.  The price of greatness is responsibility 
  Football is a game of two halves It's always darkest before.. daylight savings time. Blood is thicker than water You can't teach an old dog new.. math. A day of sorrow is longer than a month of joy. The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs Wise men think alike. At the end of the game, the King and the pawn go back in the same box Two's company, three's.. the musketeers. They that walk much in the sun will be tanned at last 
  Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water. If you get it overnight, you can lose it just as quick  A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  An old Ox makes a straight furrowA closed mouth gathers no feet.  One volunteer is worth ten pressed men The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world Great minds think alike Zeal without knowledge, is fire without light All sunshine makes a desert  
  A penny always turns up. Two's company, three's.. the musketeers. When distrust enters in at the foregate, love goes out at the postern  A miss is as good as a.. Mr..If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.  One man's meat is another man's poison.. A happy heart is better than a full purse.  Any port in a storm A positive pessimist is better than a negative optimist. A tidy house holds a bored woman. Walls have ears  
  Fools seldom differ. Early to bed and early to rise, make a man healthy, wealthy and wise
</TEXT>
</DOC>

