<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\054\058</DOCNO>
<FROM>4b5jpn9q2l3ri@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>78302@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
arch winds and April showers bring forth Oct flowers A cold bitter Christmas, a fat churchyard. 

  For that they hated knowledge, and did not choose the fear of the LORD. We all get heavier as we get older because there is a lot more information in our heads  Man cannot live on bread alone A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. A book is like a garden carried in the pocket. Let bygones be bygones Silence is the fence around wisdomEveryone must row with the oars he has. It takes one to know one 
  A good mate is the road map for the spaghetti junction of life. When in Rome, do as the Romans do Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. Let sleeping dogs lie The proverbs of Solomon the son of David, king of Israel.People living in glass houses should not!. Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors The best doctors are Dr Diet, Dr Quiet and Dr Merryman The more the merrier  Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly 
  Blue are the hills that are far away Its a dogs life Civility costs nothing He Lives Long Who Lives WellClath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. The bigger they are, the harder they fall  Imagination is the highest kite you can fly If you believe everything you read, you better not read Opportunities always look bigger going than coming  Time and tide wait for no man. 
  If you educate a man you educate an individual but if you educate a woman you educate a family  The Fairest Rose at Last is WitheredIt is better to love and lost than never to love at all Poor men seek meat for their stomach, rich men stomach for their meat. To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world  To the jaundiced eye all things look yellow God defend me from my friends; from my enemies I can defend myself For they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head, and chains about thy neck. What we see depends mainly on what we look for Count your blessings 
  Draw Not Your Bow Till the Arrow is Fixed Borrowed Garments Never Fit Well The faintest ink is more powerful than the strongest memory  What you lose on the swings you gain on the roundabouts As busy as a bee A good mate is the road map for the spaghetti junction of life. In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King Football is a game of two halves When the student is ready, the master will appear  A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.If anything can go wrong, it will Time is a great healer If you lie down with dogs you will come up with fleas  Distance lends enchantment to the view 
  A house is not a home.  A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.  If you must choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before. All the world loves a loverFate leads the willing but drives the stubborn Actions speak louder than words. There but for the grace of God go I  You cannot get to the top by sitting on your bottom A good beginning makes a good ending. 
  A bird can sing with a broken wing, but you cant pluck feathers off a frog. Happy the bride who.. gets all the presents. Modulation in all things. Tomorrow never comesHell hath no fury like a woman scorned A creaking door hangs longest. Surely in vain the net is spread in the sight of any bird. Modulation in all things. Time and tide wait for no man. The truth will out 
  Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

