<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\265\064</DOCNO>
<FROM>7qd8u008@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>ymweuqw8@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Her feet go down to death; her steps take hold on hell. He who awaits much receives little 

  Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance Not one shred of evidence supports the notion that life is serious. If oil ah float watah deh ah battam.	 Four things drive a man out of his house: too much smoke, a dripping roof, filthy air and a scolding wife You win some, you lose some A black plum is as sweet as a white. Out of the mouths of babes and sucklingsMan cannot live on bread alone 
  He is an ill companion that has a good memory  Rain, Rain, go away, come back another day Good gubby nah ah float ah tap. See Naples and die The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones The bigger they are, the harder they fall  He who works his land will have abundant food, but the one who chases fantasies will have his fill of povertyHe that is master of himself, will soon be master of others Great groups from little icons grow. A wise head keeps a still tongue. If you get it overnight, you can lose it just as quick  Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water. 
  You do well to believe in God Wedan also believes and trembles Marry in haste, and repent at leisure A camel is a horse designed by a committee.  The righteous man leads a blameless life; blessed are his children after himFruit out of season, sorrow out of reason There is more than one way to skin a cat Tis better to get things for free, than to work up a sweat  From the sweetest wine the tartest vinegar One man money mek too much man cry. Two Dogs Fight for a Bone, and a Third Runs Away With it  Look after number one 
  Gluttony kills more than the sword  Two's company, three's.. the musketeers.Curses, like chickens, come home to roost Beggars and borrowers cannot be choosers A reed before the wind lives on, while might oaks do fall. Share and share alike! A false balance is abomination to the LORD: but a just weight is his delight. Every Cook Praises His Own BrothOnce a word leaves your mouth, you cannot chase it back even with the swiftest horse A miss is as good as a mile. 
  A heavy purse gives to a light heart. A good name is more desirable than great riches; to be esteemed is better than silver or gold. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese. A gossips mouth is the devils postbag. Every rope gat two ends. And say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof. Love laughs at the locksmithsAll good things come to those who wait. What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity Revenge is sweet Do not search for a calf under an ox  
  If trousers say massah teef, yuh can't doubt am. When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. A gentle heart is tied with an easy thread.  Knowing is not enough; We must Apply Willing is not enough; We must Do Bread is the staff of lifeLil ah sick, big a get better. God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers  Murder will out A miss is as good as a mile. Life begins at forty 
  When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out of the window  Cut your coat according to your cloth Loving life is living life to the fullestCharity covers a multitude of sins Keep your powder dry  What a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive If you would enjoy the fruit, pluck not the flower  A heavy purse gives to a light heart. Stir With a Knife, Stir Up Strife Learn to say no It will be of more use to you than to be able to read Latin  You are a long time dead Variety is the spice of life Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing 
  As useful as a chocolate fireguard (or teapot)
</TEXT>
</DOC>

