<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\164\046</DOCNO>
<FROM>3lgvp924f7@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>t3dqx85@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Visit your aunt, but not every day of the year 

  He that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill! Nah one time a fire mek peas boil. To know the road ahead, ask those coming back Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you Look before you leap. Hate is like cancer slowly eating us away inside  Two wrongs may not make a right but three rights make a leftYuh gat fuh blow yuh nose where yuh stump yuh toe.	 
  The longest day must have an end Dishonest money dwindles away, but he who gathers money little by little makes it grow It is good to be knowledgeable, but better to be lovable  Good fences make good neighbours! Excess of ceremony shows want of breeding  An English Summer, Three Hot Days and a Wednderstorm Better bend than breakA penny always turns up. Happiness is wanting what you have - not having what you want It takes one to know one A heart at peace gives life to the body, but envy rots the bones.  Do right and fear no man  
  Empty sacks will never stand upright These six things doth the LORD hate: yea, seven are an abomination unto him. He knows best what good is that has endured evil  Better a dry crust with peace and quiet than a house full of feasting, with strife A wise man will hear, and will increase learning; and a man of understanding shall attain unto wise counsels.Promises are like babies Easy to make, hard to deliver Wise men think alike. It is what is in the mind when sober, that comes out of the mouth when drunk  The best doctors are Dr Diet, Dr Quiet and Dr Merryman A calm sea does not make a skilled sailor. Even in laughter the heart may ache, and joy may end in grief  
  Silence is the fence around wisdom Six of one, half a dozen of the other .Youth nah ah weary but he ah fall down. A man comes from the dust and in the dust he will end - and in the meantime it is good to drink a sip of vodka. He is always right who suspects that he makes mistakes A journey of a thousand sites begins with a single click. The difficult we do at once, the impossible takes a little longer  A barking dog never bites. Opportunity seldom knocks twice.Fools rush in where angels fear to tread A good name is more desirable than great riches; to be esteemed is better than silver or gold. 
  Beware of Greeks bearing gifts  Great oaks from little acorns grow No matter how long a log stays in the water it does not become a crocodile  If there were no lossers there could be no winners  Danger can never be overcome without taking risks  Lil ah sick, big a get better. Whah hurt eye does mek nose run water.It is never too late to be what you might have been  Every devil has not a cloven hoof 
  Six of one, half a dozen of the other . Faith will move mountains Gut No Fish Till You Get Them A slap on the back is only a few inches away from a kick in the butt.When gaulding see fish he forget seh gun deh. Once in a blue moon A Small Spark Makes a Great Fire. My son, walk not thou in the way with them; refrain thy foot from their path. 
  A friend to all is a friend to none.  All is for the best in the best of the possible worlds Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity Dont count the days, make the days count! Live and learn  Death pays all debts It takes one bad apple to spoil the barrel! Hard work never did anyone any harm  Tongue nah gat teeth but he ah bite fuh true. A stitch in time saves nine. 
  The early bird catches the worm The bigger the better.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

