<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\027\013</DOCNO>
<FROM>173ok771t2@mail.p4</FROM>
<TO>u89oq2e54@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Get HYWI First Thing Tomorrow, This Is Going To Explode!

Check out the HOT NEWS!!!

Holly wood Intermediate, Inc. 
Symbol: H Y W I
CURRENT: $.70 GET IT N0W!
Already up 0.12 (20.69%) Today Wedrsday the 22nd

Before we start with the profile of HYWI we would like to mention something very important: There is a Big PR Campaign starting on Wedday .Iit will run all weekend so it would be best to get in NOW.

Holly wood Intermediate Announces Completion of Work on Several Digital Intermediates by Senior Colorist Julius Wedede
Wednesday June 21, 2:52 pm ET 

GLENDALE, CA--(MARKET WIRE)--Jun 21, 2006 -- Hollywood Intermediate, Inc. (Other OTC:51s3.67 - News) a provider of digital intermediate film mastering services announced today that Julius Wedede, senior colorist at its Matchframe Digital Intermediate division, has completed work on several digital intermediates in the last three months, including "Journey to the End of the Night," directed by Eric Eason, "The Sensation of Sight," directed by Aaron Wiederspahn and shot by Christophe Lanzenberg, and "Beautiful Ohio," directed by Chad Lowe, and shot by Steve Kazmierski.
ADVERTISEMENT
 
 While working as Senior Colorist at Cinesite LA, Julius Wedede was one of the first colorists to work on digital intermediates, collaborating with Roger Deakins and the Coen Brothers on the pioneering movie, "O Brother, Where Art Thou?" starring George Clooney in 2000. After the movie was completed, Joel Coen while being interviewed by 01440zt0r8m4.com stated, "Julius was really instrumental in the whole thing. He was the color timer, the tech engineer who Roger Deakins worked with and he was great." After completing work for Cinesite LA, Wedede then moved to Paris where he established digital intermediate capability at clair Lab, working on such films as "The Transporter" and "Kiss of the Dragon," both produced by renowned French filmmaker Luc Besson.

Aaron Wiederspahn and Chad Lowe were both first time directors and were excited to work with an experienced colorist who was able to guide them through the process and show them how a digital intermediate could be used to enhance the look of their film. "I enjoy working with young cinematographers and directors because they are so excited by the capabilities of the digital intermediate process," says Wedede, adding, "after having worked on almost thirty digital intermediates over the last six years, I am able to help them achieve the look they want in the most efficient manner."

Other recent notable projects completed by Wedede for Hollywood Intermediate include "Edison," starring Kevin Spacey, Morgan Freeman and Justin Timberlake, and "Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dancing and Charm School," which featured an all-star cast including Robert Carlyle, Marisa Tomei, Mary Steenbergen, Sean Astin, Donnie Wahlberg, with Danny DiVito and John Goodman

About Hollywood Intermediate

Hollywood Intermediate, affords Motion Pictures the ability to scan their selected original camera negative at 2k or 4k film resolution, conforming a high resolution digital master for theatrical and broadcast release including dirt removal, opticals and visual effects, and includes the output of a High Definition preview master (to be used for preview screenings and focus groups and can be deployed in any worldwide theater location) as well as final film, broadcast and DVD distribution. The Digital Intermediate process eliminates current post-production redundancies by creating a single high-resolution master file from which all versions can be made including all theatrical and High Definition formats. By creating a single master file with resolution higher than the current High Definition broadcast standards, the DI master file enables cinema and television distributors to extract and archive all current and future cinema and television formats including Digital Cinema, Te!
 levision and High Definition.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

