<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\185\035</DOCNO>
<FROM>xeyy08wexpuc@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>m2mtxi4@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Efficient approach to investing from sttock professionals Beneficial cooperation based on expert sttock advice  
For Immediate Release
  Allert Issued - Watch FCYI.PK Trade Today!
  Falcon 
  Energy, Inc.
  SYMBOL: FCYI.PK
  
  25 week ago $0.88
  Last Price: $1.30
  
  Market Plus Top Four Pick!
Vancouver, British Columbia, June 
  05, 2006 (Prime Zone) - As part of the commitment of Falcon 
  Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep investors informed 
  of its status and activities, the company is providing this investor update.
Gas production continues steadily 
  from Falcon Energy's Richmount Westlock property 
  in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and 
  investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since the well 
  was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that 
  time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed over 
  10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range. 
  The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue 
  for the company and its shareholders.
Falcon Energy 
  Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed addition of its mining exploration 
  properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team 
  to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 
  17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc. 
  is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining 
  properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a 
  minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.
Falcon Energy, 
  Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these significant properties 
  in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's 
  interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern 
  prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.
The five licensed areas are:
  8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
  8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
  9997X - The Huld License Area
  9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
  9668X - Hutagt License Area
Exploitable mineral resources found 
  in the area in which the licenses
  are held include:
  Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as Fluorite 
  and Uranium.Professional investors explain sttock booming
Don't loose a chance to eearn 
  with us. Manage your stoocks using expert recommendation  ............................................
  To thine own self be true Better a meal of vegetables where there is love than a fattened calf with hatred  Better one house spoiled than two The bigger the better. Practice makes perfect and Nobody's perfect. A penny always turns up. He who flies high is a short step from a big fall  A friend to all is a friend to none.  Curiosity killed the catHe who awaits much receives little Every bush a man night time. 
  Life is beautiful What boots up must come down. A fool gives; a wise man takes. Home is where you hang your @. Those who cast the votes decide nothing Those who count the votes decide everything Youth and Old Age Will Never Agree Water that has been begged for does not quench the thirst Quality is an excuse for lack of quantity  Ask a silly question and you get a silly answer A good beginning makes a good ending. A stitch in time saves nine . There is a time to speak and a time to be silent 
  Bad news travels fast If life deals you lemons make lemonade  Better a dry crust with peace and quiet than a house full of feasting, with strife He Who Keeps Company with the Wolf Will Learn How to Howl He who gathers crops in summer is a wise son, but he who sleeps during harvest is a disgraceful son  Think Much, Speak Little and Write Less Success has many fathers, while failure is an orphan Absence makes the heart grow fonder. Nothing ventured, nothing gainedIf you would enjoy the fruit, pluck not the flower  
  Cold hands, warm heart  Better late than.. pregnant. Youth and Old Age Will Never Agree Life is just a bowl of cherries. Use soft words and hard arguments It will all come right in the washA scalded cat fears cold water. Yuh tel tara and tara tell tara. No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness  Merry Nights Make Sorry Days 
  In the Land of the Blind the One Eyed Man is King None but the brave deserve the fair  All lay loads on a willing horse! A volunteer is worth twenty pressed men.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

