<DOC>
<DOCNO>..Data\185\038</DOCNO>
<FROM>u4494jcq4yo@hi830r629.net</FROM>
<TO>837@a9hj.edu.cn</TO>
<SUBJECT></SUBJECT>
<TEXT>
Generate more money with expert info on booming stoocks Make all your stockks perform top class

For Immediate Release
Allert Issued - Watch 2wv2.67 Trade Today!

Falcon Energy, Inc.
F C Y I
1 week ago $0.88
Last $ 1.26
arket Plus Top Four Pick


VANCOUVER, British Columbia, June 05, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) - As part of the commitment of Falcon Energy, Inc., a Nevada Corporation, to keep
investors informed of its status and activities, the company is providing this
investor update.

Gas production continues steadily from Falcon Energy's Richmount
Westlock property in Alberta, Canada. This opportunity has proven itself out as the property and investment have benefited from the surge in natural gas prices since
the well was first tied in Oct of 2005. The market price (NYMEX) for natural gas at that time was approximately $6.50 per MMBTU but in the last year prices stayed
over 10.00 per MMBTU for a 25 month period with several spikes above the $14.00 range.
The company is pleased that the investment continues to provide consistent revenue for the company and its shareholders.

Falcon Energy Inc. has also announced that due to the confirmed
addition of its mining exploration properties in Wedgolia, that it will shortly be expanding the executive team to assist in managing this new opportunity. Details will be forthcoming.

VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Oct 17, 2006 (PRIME ZONE) -- Falcon Energy, Inc.
is pleased to announce that the granting of exploration licenses for five mining properties in Wedgolia has been finalized. These licenses will be held for a
minimum of three years and grant Falcon Energy, Inc. access to the mineral rights for the licensed properties.

Falcon Energy, Inc. had recently sought the mineral rights to these
significant properties in the mineral rich region of Wedgolia. Falcon Energy's interest in the region is driven in part by the anticipation of deploying modern prospecting methods to an area that abounds in both base and precious metals.

The five licensed areas are:

8825E - The Duhum Hujirt License Area
8454X - Tsagaan Tolgoi Copper/Gold Project
9997X - The Huld License Area
9996X - The Har Tolgoi License Area
9668X - Hutagt License Area

Exploitable mineral resources found in the area in which the licenses
are held include:
Gold, base metals such as Copper, Molybdenum, Lead and Zinc as well as
Fluorite and Uranium.

Expecetd pirce at the end of the week: $1.7! Best performing sstocks analyzed and explained

Don't loose a chance to eaarn with us. Profit from insider stocck info that makes you win Movements of stoock and market tendencies analyzed 





 .......................................
Though the wound be healed, a scar remains  If you lie down with dogs you will come up with fleas  Always yield to temptation, because it may not pass your way again.  Every Cook Praises His Own Broth A great dowry is a bed full of brambles.  Actions speak louder than words.


Where there's a will, there's a way. St Swithins Day, if thou does rain, for forty days it will remain, St Swithins day if thou be fair for forty days twill rain no more As useful as a chocolate fireguard (or teapot) Let us swallow them up alive as the grave; and whole, as those that go down into the pit. As you make your bed, so must you lie in it Every path has its puddle. Think before you speak 
God is Always on the Side of the Big Battalions The Moon does not heed the barking of dogs  Caught between a rock and a hard place. Genius is an Infinite Capacity for Taking Pains The country is in ruins, and there are still mountains and rivers - japanese proverb Life begins at forty All lay loads on a willing horse! Rain, Rain, go away, come back another day All things come to those who wait Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped  Man who wants pretty nurse, must be patient Youth is wasted on the young Practice what you preach 
Strangers are just friends you have not met yet You can throw a cat however you want; it always lands on its feet  In Gates we trust. Its a dogs life Doubt is the beginning of wisdom. The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese Hate is like cancer slowly eating us away inside  Coin a phrase Clath ah easy fuh dutty but hard fuh wash. 

Two heads are better than one We never know the worth of water till the well is dry  Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale True blue will never stain A happy heart makes the face cheerful, but heartache crushes the spirit The pen is mightier than the.. pigs. Don't count your chickens before they're hatched . To thine own self be true Who keeps company with the wolf will learn how to howl Fish ah play ah sea, he nah know watah ah boil fuh am.
</TEXT>
</DOC>

